Chapter 426 – Cultivation Planet Crystal

“Oh?” Wang Lin looked toward Situ Nan.

Situ Nan’s eyes were filled with joy. With a smile he said, “Good, this old man has picked his body! Wang Lin, follow me to the north pole. That is where the body I want is located.”

With that, he began flying.

Wang Lin slapped his bag of holding. The mosquito let out a roar and appeared before Wang Lin. He jumped onto the mosquito’s back, sat down, and followed Situ Nan.

Situ Nan turned around to look at the mosquito. His eyes lit up as he said, “What kind of beast is that? Where did you find it? This old man is going to go catch one to play around with.”

The mosquito has always been tyrannical, but after feeling the aura form Situ Nan, it let out a few hums and backed away from him.

Situ Nan stared at the mosquito beast for a while. In a flash, he appeared beside Wang Lin on the back of the mosquito and said, “What are you running for? I’m not going to eat you.”

The mosquito’s body trembled as it looked pleadingly at Wang Lin.

Wang Lin let out a faint smile as he rubbed the mosquito’s large head. He took out piece of jade and after imprinting some information on it, he handed it to Situ Nan. “If you go there, you can catch as many mosquito beasts as you want.”

Situ Nan took the jade. After he scanned it, his expression immediately changed. He awkwardly said, “Never mind. I don’t want one anymore…”

The jade Wang Lin gave him contained information on the planet where the ancient god found a large amount of mosquito beasts.

Even with Situ Nan’s pride, his heart trembled when he saw the information in the jade. He then looked at the mosquito beast with a strange expression.

Situ Nan let out a mischievous smile and said, “Wang Lin, how about we make a deal? Once I have a body, lend me the mosquito to study for a while. I’ll only study it and not harm its life.”

“Not possible!” Wang Lin refused without any hesitation.

Situ Nan panicked and said, “I really won’t kill it! It might become even stronger!”

“Not possible!” Wang Lin shook his head.

Situ Nan’s eyes widened as he stared at Wang Lin and shouted, “Little brat, no one dares to refuse this old man. Back then this old man wanted the first generation’s concubine and then I just stole her from him. As long as I want it, no one can refuse me. Are you going to give it to me? If not, I’ll kill you with one slap, you unfilial kid!”

Wang Lin stared at Situ Nan. He didn’t say a word but silently watched him.

Shortly after, Situ Nan warily smiled and said, “How did I end up with someone like you… Ah, when you were still a kid it was me who adjusted your body so you could cultivate. And it was also me who gave you the idea to steal someone’s foundation. And I also saved you many times. Did you forget about the time when the Teng family little brat chased you?

“Also, outside the Jue Ming Valley I risked my life to save you and this is how you treat me? I’m a pitiful old man; I don’t have many desires, I just wanted to borrow the mosquito to study…”

Wang Lin felt his head start to ache. If Situ Nan had continued to play it tough, he would be able to ignore it, but now every word Situ Nan was saying was landing on his heart. After a while, Wang Lin let out a helpless smile and said, “Fine, I’ll lend it to you, I’ll lend it to you!”

Situ Nan’s expression suddenly changed to an arrogant one and he laughed. “Good, this is more like the person this old man picked!” With that, he looked toward the mosquito and revealed a creepy smile.

The mosquito’s body trembled and it screamed. That smile almost caused it to fall from the sky.

As they flew, Wang Lin pondered a bit and asked, “Situ, do you know the Ji Realm?”

Situ Nan’s expression became serious as he said, “The Ji Dao is the Ji of the three realms. Why are you asking this?”

Wang Lin looked at Situ Nan. In this world, aside from Li Muwan, the only other person he could completely trust was Situ Nan.

Wang Lin slapped his bag of holding and a blob of white light appeared. This white light gave off a pressure like divine retribution. Although this pressure wasn’t dangerous to Wang Lin, it could kill any Nascent Soul cultivator that touches it!

Situ Nan exclaimed in surprise. He picked up the white light, took a closer look, and his expression immediately changed greatly. His divine sense immediately spread out to check their surroundings before he threw the white light toward Wang Lin’s bag. He sent the white light through Wang Lin’s divine sense and directly into the bag.

Situ Nan exclaimed, “Why do you have the Ji Realm!?!?!”

Wang Lin slowly said, “Back in the Jue Ming valley, a sliver of this Ji Realm appeared in my body. You were still sleeping then, so you didn’t see it. Then my body was destroyed and you saved my soul before going back to sleep again. In the foreign battleground, my Ji Realm reached its completion.”

“The Ji Realm is a very tyrannical substance. I don’t have much information on it, but I know that the cultivation alliance is always looking for Ji Realm cultivators. Whenever they find someone that has it, they kill them. You have to remember to never show it to anyone, especially the current Suzaku!” Situ Nan’s expression was very serious..

Wang Lin nodded. He pondered got a bit and then said, “I suspect this Ji Realm has something to do with your Underworld Ascension Cultivation Method.”

Situ Nan was startled. He rubbed his chin and said, “You might have a point, but there are some unknown variables at play here because then I would also have the Ji Realm. As far as I know, the chances of the Ji Realm appearing are simply too low. Also, it is too difficult to cultivate; the fact that you were able to remove it from you body without being affected is already very rare.” Situ Nan looked at Wang Lin with appreciation in his eyes.

“Situ, I heard from someone that the Cultivation Planet Crystal can help the Ji Realm break through its limitations. Is that true? What exactly is the Cultivation Planet Crystal?” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up as he finally asked the question he had been holding back for hundreds of years.

“You even know about the Cultivation Planet Crystal…” Situ Nan revealed a complex expression before letting out a sigh and saying, “The Cultivation Planet Crystal… that object is not a good thing, but if you want to leave this planet, you really do have to obtain it or else it could cause problems in the future… ah! The Cultivation Planet Crystal is the most vicious thing the cultivation alliance uses to control a cultivation planet…”

Situ Nan was about to continue speaking when he suddenly looked into the distance and said, “We’ll talk about this later. Right now there are Forsaken Immortal Clan members before us that are giving offerings to their ancestral spirit. Let me think…. I remember the first generation Suzaku studying a spell that could use the ancestral spirit to absorb some of the mysterious power… I’m getting old and my memory is getting worse. I think this is correct. Wang Lin, give me a celestial jade.”

As Wang Lin looked into the distance, he slapped the other bag of holding, took out a celestial jade, and handed it to Situ Nan.

Situ Nan took the celestial jade and in one breath of time sucked it dry to the point that it shattered. His eyes were filled with celestial spiritual energy as he said, “I remember the first generation Suzaku saying that this spell had a fatal weakness. Although that weakness is kind of annoying for me right now, I should be able to avoid it. Wang Lin, wait for me here. I’ll be right back.”

With that, he disappeared.

When Situ Nan appeared and scared Zhuque Zi away, all of the Ascendant cultivators felt that powerful aura.

A white-robed old man appeared in the sky east of the country of Suzaku. He was the only Ascendant cultivator of the Heavenly Jade Sect, Chu Yunfei. At this moment, his expression was unsettled. After a while, he let out a sigh and said, “A very powerful aura…”

He slightly shook his head. As he looked to the east, his eyes became cold. Behind him was several dozen cultivators. Most of them were at the Soul Formation stage and only three of them were at the Soul Transformation stage.

Behind these people were more than 100 Nascent Soul cultivators.

In the sky south of the continent of Suzaku was a cultivation army of more than 100 cultivators that was flying south. The person at the front was a middle-aged man. He was the Shattering Earth Sect’s Ascendant cultivator. He bitterly smiled and said, “Unlucky for me to get mixed into such a messy war period…”

After Zhuque Zi returned to Mount Suzaku, he rested for a bit before quickly leaving again. This time his target was in the western side of the Suzaku continent.

In the black clouds on the eastern edge of the Suzaku continent, the fifth ancestor gloomily withdrew his gaze.

The Corpse Sect elder Sima with his Soul Transformation cultivation couldn’t detect the change that occurred when Situ Nan appeared, but when he saw this fifth ancestor’s expression become ugly, he couldn’t help but be surprised.

He was just about to probe for information when the fifth ancestor waved his sleeves and said, “Elder Sima, let’s start.”

Sima’s eyes lit up and he laughed. “Good, the reason I came here was to deliver this corpse. It could make your Forsaken Immortal Clan ancestor spirit tree flourish even more.”

With that, he turned around to looked at the two corpse deacons behind him.

Without a word the two deacons got off the coffin and began to form seals. Strands of spiritual energy flew from them and landed on the coffin.

Shortly after, the two of them released a mysterious and ghostly light from their bodies and shouted, “Open!”

The sound of two pieces of wood scraping each other filled the air as the wooden lid of the coffin slowly moved to create an opening. The opening got bigger and bigger.

Black gas came from inside along with the stench of rotting flesh.

The fifth ancestor’s gaze was calm as he looked at the coffin. However, the three eight-leaf shamans behind him were very nervous and secretly on guard.

“Rise!” the two corpse deacons shouted together once more.

The lid was suddenly pushed aside by an invisible hand and it smashed into the ground.

At this moment, the black gas became even more dense as more of it escaped from the coffin and seemed to want to surround the entire coffin.

The Forsaken Immortal Clan fifth ancestor coldly said, “This is the corpse you guys were talking about?”

Elder Sima let out a mischievous smile and said, “Fifth ancestor, don’t blame me; the orders came from above and the corpse was delivered from above too. I don’t have the right to make any decisions. However, on planet Suzaku, there aren’t many Soul Transformation Giant Demon Clan corpses; this one was transferred from another planet. The other four corpses should have been delivered to their locations already.”
