Chapter 482 – Purple Forest Palace

The old man’s face was completely pale. He never would have thought that a cultivator from a wasted cultivation planet who he considered a hick could be so powerful. This person had caught him in a few short moments and was currently refining another elder.

This level of power was something only mid stage Soul Transformation cultivators could display!

This was one of the few rare moments in his life where he felt regret. If he hadn’t listened to that Zhao Xingsha, he wouldn’t have ended up in such a state.

At this moment, not far away from the old man, his partner who was trapped under the bell was letting out miserable screams. He was clearly suffering from the pain of being refined.

When the sounds of screaming entered the old man’s ears, he let out a long sigh and gave up all will to resist. He looked at Wang Lin with a complex expression and said, “Please release him first. We were wrong in this matter; whatever you want to know, we will tell you!”

Wang Lin didn’t move and only coldly stared at the person.

The old man’s face was bitter. He looked at the half-moon blade hovering before him and said, “The ancestor accepts a total of seven disciples from each of the seven different divisions, and he also brings in disciples from outside. However, only one disciple in each division is a true disciple. Although everyone else is still considered disciples, they won’t get the ancestor’s inheritance.”

Wang Lin didn’t say a word as he silently listened to all of this. As he stood there, he gave off a sense of arrogance. The current him was very different from when he came to the Heavenly Fate Sect.

“1,000 years ago, in the purple division, a genius appeared. This person became the top disciple in the purple division, replacing the old six as one of the All-Seer’s direct disciples.

“His name was Sun Yun, and he lived in the Purple Cloud Pavilion!”

Wang Lin’s eyes became serious as he calmly asked, “What does this have to do with me?”

“Normally speaking, there is nothing, but 100 years ago, Sun Yun betrayed the sect and ran away for some reason. Although this is the case, the ancestor didn’t send anyone to hunt him but went personally. After one month, the ancestor came back by himself, then he sealed the Purple Cloud Pavilion and spread the word that the next person who inherits the Purple Cloud Sect will be one of his seven direct disciples!” The old man paused for a moment when he got to this part. He looked at Wang Lin with a complex expression and then said, “Among the seven purple division disciples, the other six all grew up on planet Tian Yun; only you came from a wasted cultivation planet. Even in the eyes of the ordinary disciples, you are considered a hick and have lower status than them. If everything was normal, it wouldn’t be so bad, but since you were given the Purple Cloud Pavilion, there will naturally be discrimination!

“Besides, your cultivation level isn’t even that high, so naturally your seniors think of you as an eyesore. Due to the ancestor, they can’t directly act against you, but scheming and backstabbing is unavoidable! I have said everything I can. Today’s matter is our fault. From today onward, my brother and I will never get involved in the matter between you guys!”

As the old man said that, he looked at the half-moon blade. He dreaded this half-moon blade a lot.

Wang Lin’s eyes became cold. So this is the cause for all of this.

He waved his right hand and the celestial sword came back to him. Xu Liguo let out a call, causing the half-moon blade to let the elder go and circle the celestial sword.

The old man let out a sigh of relief, then he looked at the giant bell to the side. The miserable screams of his partner were extremely soft. He hesitated for a bit before saying, “He…”

Wang Lin waved his right hand and the bell immediately flew into his hand. He flicked the bell, causing it to shrink. A small, green light came out from the bell and tried to escape, but Wang Lin quickly caught it in his hand.

A shrill came from within the green light.

“I’m a disciplinary eld…” Before he could finished speaking, Wang Lin squeezed his hand. This caused the green light to collapse, revealing an extremely weak origin soul.

Without even looking at it, Wang Lin threw the origin soul into his mouth. As the origin soul entered Wang Lin’s mouth, a powerful force sucked the origin soul into the one-billion-soul soul flag inside Wang Lin’s body.

After doing all of this, Wang Lin looked at the old man and calmly asked, “You don’t want to leave?”

The old man stared dumbfoundedly at the left of this person. He never could have imagined that this person would dare to break the sect rules by devouring an origin soul right before him. This act was that of the demonic path!

His heart shook violently as he took a few steps back and forced a smile. “I’m going to leave now. I don’t know anything about what happened here today!” With that, he turned around and escaped with all his strength.

A cold light flashed across Wang Lin’s eyes as he softly said, “Kill him!”

Xu Liguo let out an happy cry and moved forward like lightning. However, the half-moon blade was even faster, so in the blink of an eye, it disappeared without a trace.

A soft scream came from the distance and then in the blink of an eye, the half-moon blade flew back.

Wang Lin’s right hand reached out and grabbed the old man’s origin soul from the half-moon blade. The old man was about to scream, but it was too late. Wang Lin threw the old man’s origin soul into his mouth and sealed it within the soul flag.

After finishing all of this, not only did the coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes not decrease, instead it increased. He turned toward the Purple Cloud Pavilion and began walking toward there.

“Since the All-Seer assigned me to the Purple Cloud Pavilion, he must have accounted for all of this.”

He flew the entire way and shortly after arrived outside the Purple Cloud Pavilion. The woman in purple was currently sitting inside the palace. She was touching the mountain and river painting, and her eyes were filled with thoughts of the past. When she noticed Wang Lin arrive, she frowned, then her body disappeared and reappeared outside of the Purple Cloud Pavilion. As she stared at the red light flying toward the pavilion, a cold voice could be heard. “Let everyone know that I, Wang Lin, am not someone to be pushed around!”

“Why did you come here again? Scram!!!”

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. Without a word, his hand formed a seal and pointed at her. The celestial sword charged out at the woman and the half-moon blade quickly followed.

The woman’s expression changed. In the blink of an eye, the woman disappeared. Her speed was very fast; not much slower than the half-moon blade’s. The half-moon blade took a swing and only got a few strands of hair.

Wang Lin coldly snorted, then he pointed at the sky and shouted, “Gather!”

The celestial spiritual energy inside his body gathered in his hand. A large ball of light ten feet wide suddenly appeared over his palm.

Without any hesitation Wang Lin pressed the ball down and said, “Come out!”

The ball moved like lightning and descended from the sky. The ball hit the ground with a thunderous roar and then fused with the ground. At this moment, the earth shifted as if there was a giant dragon moving within it.

1,000 feet away, a ray of white light shot from the ground, revealing the woman’s terrified expression.

Wang Lin’s eyes were cold as he stared at the woman and said, “From today onward, this Purple Cloud Pavilion will be renamed into the Purple Forest Pavilion!” With that, Wang Lin waved his hand.

A ray of green light shot out and landed on the three words “Purple Cloud Pavilion.” When the light disappeared, the word “Cloud” was changed to “Forest!”

The word “Forest” was written in a very defiant and arrogant way, as if a dragon was charging at the heavens. A dominating and arrogant aura could be felt from this word that could make people’s hearts tremble by just looking at it.

The purple-robed woman’s eyes became dumbfounded as he stared at the words “Purple Forest Pavilion,” and two stream of tears rolled down her cheeks. She suddenly jerked her head toward Wang Lin and said, with a voice that was tearing apart, “I’m going to kill you!!!”

With that, she moved and completely disappeared. A breeze blew by and Wang Lin frowned. He quickly backed away. The breeze was filled with killing intent. After hearing a bang, the spot where Wang Lin was just standing filled with large cracks!

As Wang Lin backed up, the woman in purple appeared from within the breeze. Her eyes were bloodshot and filled with killing intent. She touched her bag of holding and a ray of red light shot out. This light turned into a red phoenix when it was high up the air. The phoenix let out a shrill and then the surroundings were covered in a sea of fire. However, none of the flames touched the Purple Forest Pavilion but rushed toward Wang Lin like a violent wave.

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. He reached out and the celestial sword appeared in his hand. Celestial spiritual energy gathered in the celestial sword before he took a swing. A ray of sword energy shot out and collided with the sea of flames with a bang.

This sound was extremely loud and echoed across the entire mountain. That ray of sword energy made an opening in the sea of flames. When Wang Lin calmly walked out from the sea of fire, his right thumb pressed forward.

As his thumb pressed forward, the color of the heavens and earth changed. All of the color seemed to have disappeared, leaving behind only this thumb.

This was one of the three killer techniques that Situ Nan taught Wang Lin before they parted ways.

Finger of Death!

The three killing techniques were very powerful and demonic techniques that Situ created from his tens of thousands of years of cultivation. In his entire life, he had only taught them to Wang Lin.

With one finger, the woman’s face became pale and the craziness in her eyes disappeared. She immediately wanted to retreat but found out in terror that the space around her was extremely fragile and couldn’t withstand even one teleportation.

If she tried to teleport, she would be lost in the void without Wang Lin even having to do anything.

Wang Lin’s eyes were extremely cold as his thumb moved like lightning toward the woman’s brow.

The purple-robed woman clenched her teeth, her body trembled, and an avatar of herself walked out. The avatar collided with Wang Lin’s figure and let out a miserable groan. The avatar quickly dried out, then it turned into rays of white light that were absorbed by Wang Lin’s thumb.

This time, the power of Wang Lin’s thumb was even stronger!

The purple-robed woman’s face was even paler than before. She coughed out a mouthful of blood as her body shook and another avatar appeared.

The woman shrilled, “Explode!”
