Chapter 1014 – Pursue (1)

His ancient god body was thousands of feet tall, making it feel like Wang Lin could support the heavens. The ancient god furnace flashed and he appeared before a whirlwind.

This whirlwind couldn't be destroyed by force; Wang Lin had already learned his lesson from before.

Just as his body appeared, Wang Lin's eyes lit up. He then let out a roar, and instead of summoning the azure light shield, he resisted the whirlwind with his body!

"I want to see how the power of this whirlwind compares to my ancient god body!"

The whirlwind moved at a shocking speed and instantly smashed into Wang Lin. Being in close contact with the whirlwind made Wang Lin feel like a powerful wave was smashing into his body.

In particular, there were violent winds inside this wave that wanted to tear his body into pieces to be absorbed by the whirlwind.

When the whirlwind completely landed on Wang Lin's body and attempted to tear his body to pieces, it also entered his body. There were popping sounds coming from within Wang Lin's body, and he was forced back three steps.

While he retreated, the ancient god furnace flashed. He appeared 1,000 feet away and dodged the attack of four whirlwinds.

Wang Lin's expression was serious. Using his body as a test, Wang Lin was able to clearly calculate how many whirlwinds his body could withstand.

"An ordinary cultivator would be torn apart, and not even their origin soul would escape! Even I felt pain with my ancient god body. What the hell is this whirlwind?!" There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin's eyes as a whirlwind headed toward him.

Blue light flashed around Wang Lin as the azure light shield appeared and rotated around him.

"If I use the azure light shield and my ancient god body, I should be able to get rid of these whirlwinds!" Wang Lin moved straight for the whirlwind.

Three whirlwinds moved the fastest, and as they moved toward Wang Lin, they smashed into the azure light shield. There was a loud rumble and the azure light shield began to flash.

An unimaginable impact made it so Wang Lin had to retreat. Another nine whirlwinds rushed over and smashed into the azure light shield as Wang Lin retreated.

As the azure light shield rotated, Wang Lin retreated once more. This was a retreat without end, and as the whirlwinds continued to slam into him, he retreated again and again.

By the time all nine whirlwinds had dissipated, Wang Lin had retreated an unknown distance. Even though he was an ancient god, he was only at five stars. Despite the azure light shield blocking the whirlwind, the pain Wang Lin felt caused cold sweat to cover his forehead.

The crisis was not over; there were still 15 more whirlwinds coming at him. The 15 whirlwinds seemed to line up before they charged at Wang Lin.

Even if he used the ancient god furnace to dodge, he couldn't separate the whirlwinds, due to their speed.

Rumble, rumble, rumble, rumble!

An earth-shattering sound echoed in an instant. The 15 whirlwinds smashed into the azure light shield and dissipated, turning into an unimaginable force. The azure light shield was almost squished up against Wang Lin's body.

Wang Lin's body trembled and a mouthful of blood gushed up, but he swallowed it back down. Then his body flew back like a kite with a broken string.

Wang Lin crashed into the ground tens of thousands of feet away, causing a shockwave to set off. Large amounts of sand were kicked into the air, and it took a long time for it to settle.

There was a huge pit on the ground. Wang Lin had already shrank back to the size of a normal person. He let out a wry smile as he struggled to get up and then walked out of the pit.

Looking at the smooth, black sand desert, Wang Lin let out a sigh of relief. Fear still lingered in his eyes.

"This is the first time my 5-star ancient god body has been injured like this. I don't know what that whirlwind was, but its power was amazing. If I had let it split once more, then I wouldn't have been able to resist it today." Wang Lin's expression was gloomy. After his origin body and avatar fused, he could battle a Nirvana Cleanser cultivators.

Originally, he believed he was safe enough against anyone but late stage Nirvana Cleanser cultivators and Nirvana Shatterer old monsters, especially considering the fact this ancient god body was extremely powerful.

However, at this moment, Wang Lin felt danger. When he looked at the black sand desert, it was as if he had returned to the Land of the Ancient God. He had to be extremely cautious as one mistake could cost him his life.

"Recently, I've had it too easy. The increase in my cultivation and integration of my original body has made me become less cautious than before…" Wang Lin silently pondered. He clenched his fist and his eyes were filled with caution.

This kind of gaze hadn't appeared in his eyes in a long time. Thanks to this crisis he had just faced, he recovered the cautious attitude he had before.

"This is the cave of Celestial Emperor Qing Lin. It is filled with danger, so I mustn't be negligent at all. I must be on my guard!" Wang Lin took a deep breath. He didn't spread out his divine sense but rotated around his body.

He slowly walked forward.

Thanks to his mental fortitude, he realized that although there could be chance that the grey gas would appear, it was mostly due to his divine sense.

Although the power of the grey gas was strong at the start, he could still withstand it. However, he had a vague feeling that if he spread out his divine sense once more, what would appear wouldn't be grey gas but something else.

This feeling was very strange, and it came from Wang Lin comprehending the heavens for over 1,000 years.

After pondering for a while, Wang Lin's eyes lit up and he slapped his bag of holding. The soul flag appeared in his hand and it opened up with a shake. Wang Lin's left hand reached inside and took out a soul fragment.

This soul fragment had a fierce expression, but it had long lost its will after being refined inside the soul flag. It respectfully floated before Wang Lin. Wang Lin put away the soul flag and pointed between the soul fragment's eyebrows. He left a bit of his divine sense inside it.

After doing this, he charged forward. After 15 minutes, he was very far away from the soul fragment. He took a deep breath but didn't spread out his divine sense. Instead, he sent out a message!

The divine sense left on the soul fragment spread out. However, at this moment, an unimaginable feeling of danger appeared in Wang Lin's mind. He cut off his connection with the divine sense without any hesitation.

The moment the divine sense was cut off, Wang Lin vaguely saw the the sky above the soul fragment churn. A ray of grey light fell from the sky and landed on the soul fragment, completely obliterating it!

Cold sweat came from Wang Lin's forehead. Fortunately, he had been prepared and had cut off his divine sense fast so that it didn't cause any reaction at his location. He stared at the sky in the distance and felt his scalp tingle. Although the grey light disappeared in an instant, the feeling Wang Lin got was more terrifying than dozens of whirlwinds fused together.

After pondering for a long time, Wang Lin moved through the black sand desert. There was no night or day; the sky was always dim as if it was being blocked by a dust storm.

Wang Lin walked very far within one month of time. During this month of time, he didn't see a single person; he didn't even see a single living being.

There were no plants here. The only thing other than him was barran, black sand. After looking at this for too long, even one's mind would become gloomy.

Wang Lin's expression was more gloomy than normal. This place was like a forbidden land, a prison that would cause despair to appear in your heart, despair toward life itself.

Even though mortals couldn't be compared to mortals, if they stayed here for too long, they would suffer from this oppression. Not only would their origin soul change and their personality would become more hostile, they would almost turn into a devil.

If a demonic cultivator was here, this place would be like a holy land for them and their cultivation level increase. However, in the end, their origin soul would completely turn into that of a devil and they would become a devil human without any consciousness.

Along the way, Wang Lin silently pondered and slowly walked forward. During this month, he didn't see that strange grey gas again. However, not only did the sense of crisis not disappear, it became even stronger as he moved forward.

Several times throughout this period, Wang Lin clearly felt a divine sense that brushed by like a gentle breeze. However, no matter how hard Wang Lin searched, he couldn't find the source of this divine sense.

He couldn't fly. During his month, he took out a soul fragment that flew into the sky. After flying 200 feet into the air, the soul fragment collapsed.

Standing on the sand on the ground, Wang Lin's expression became more gloomy. There was black gas moving across his face, but his eyes were filled with clarity.

"I wonder how Situ is doing… Situ walks down the demonic path, so if he were here, he would definitely gain some benefits."

Wang Lin pondered as he raised his hand and grasped at his face. Black threads came out from his face and entered his right hand.

Looking at the black gas in his hand, Wang Lin felt the aura of the scattered devil from it.

"Devilish energy…" Wang Lin's eyes lit up and he mercilessly squeezed.

In an instant, the black gas collapsed and spread out. It immediately covered 1,000 feet and slowly dissipated. Wang Lin stopped moving as he stared at the dissipating devilish energy and he had a thought.

"Maybe I can do this…" Wang Lin pondered a bit and then continued walking forward.

He didn't know where he needed to go. In this boundless black sand desert, there was nothing to tell him which direction was which. He could only continue to walk forward to find the exit.

Time passed once more. In the blink of an eye, another month passed. After being trapped here for two months, black gas had surrounded Wang Lin. From afar, Wang Lin looked a bit thin and like a devil god.

He slowly moved forward.
