Chapter 1015 – Pursue (2)

On this day, Wang Lin closed his eyes and his expression remained gloomy as he moved forward. However, at this moment, a faint divine sense swept by Wang Lin at a very fast pace.

Wang Lin didn't stop as he muttered, "The ninth time…"

During these two months of time, this was the ninth time a divine sense had swept by. What gave Wang Lin even more pressure was that the divine sense was different each time. It was obvious it was nine different people.

After three breaths of time, the divine sense withdrew and swept by Wang Lin once more. Wang Lin remained calm and continued walking forward.

After the divine sense withdrew, Wang Lin raised his head to look into the distance. His eyes lit up as he muttered, "Still not enough…"

When walking through this desert, especially when there was no sun or moon, it was easy to lose track of time. If it wasn't for the fact that Wang Lin was long accustomed to loneliness, he would have gone crazy here.

Compared to the loneliness here, his decades of cultivation or the hundreds of years he spent in the Land of the Ancient God were all more intense. The loneliness here really wasn't much.

While he walked, his figure gradually disappeared into the distance. It was as if his figure could reveal the loneliness in his heart.

One person, one world silently existed, silently walked on without end.

One month, one month, one month… Wang Lin walked through the black sand desert for six months. An ordinary cultivator would have gone crazy. This was not cultivating, but constantly moving forward in this desolate world while bearing the pressure of being all alone in the world.

However, all of this was nothing to Wang Lin...

The black desert expanded endlessly. A divine sense swept by Wang Lin.

At this moment, Wang Lin suddenly raised his head and coldness filled his eyes.

"The 32nd divine sense… I have enough devilish energy!"

Wang Lin was currently covered in mist. He was covered in devilish energy, like a raging black flame in the desert.

The divine sense swept by and disappeared far beyond Wang Lin.

Several breaths later, the 32nd divine sense rapidly retreated. However, the moment it passed Wang Lin, the devilish energy from Wang Lin erupted!

He had waited half a year, accumulated for half a year, and observed for half a year! During this half a year, Wang Lin silently waited for the devilish energy that naturally appeared here for half a year and accumulated it for half a year. During this time, he had to be careful to not let this devilish energy affect his origin soul. At this moment, it all erupted.

The devilish flame shot into the sky. It was as if the black flame was going to burn the sky. A giant devil shadow appeared and mercilessly attempted to devour the retreating divine sense!

The moment the divine sense attempted to retreat, a portion of it was devoured. At this moment, Wang Lin could feel a cold origin energy enter his mind through the devilish energy.

The divine sense rapidly contracted and used some unknown method to escape from the devilish flame. It was about to escape far away.

There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin's eyes. He had waited six months for this moment, and everything was still within his plans.

The moment the divine sense escaped, Wang Lin's arms opened up and a roar that he endured for half a year was released!

At this instant, all of the devilish energy around him spread out like crazy. As Wang Lin stood there, strands of black gas came out of his body. The black mist quickly spread and soon covered more than several thousand feet.

When the black gas was released from Wang Lin's body and spread far and wine, his true appearance could finally be seen once more!

Anyone who was familiar with Wang Lin would gasp if they saw him now!

Although the current Wang Lin still had the same clothes, his long hair was as black as ink as it flowed in the air. His face was so sunken in that at a glance, he looked like a bag of bones!

In particular, his eyes were sunken in with a trace of black blood vessels. Wang Lin no longer looked like a normal cultivator but a devil cultivator!

In addition, a vicious temperament surrounded Wang Lin, making him look very different!

Normally, half a year of gathering devilish energy wouldn't change Wang Lin like this, and he wouldn't be able to gather so much devilish energy. He would have to cultivate here for decades to achieve this effect.

Wang Lin was able to do this because he was not a righteous cultivator. He had stood on both sides during his more than 1,000 years of cultivation, especially when he used Demonic Finger, which allowed him to become a devil cultivator for a moment!

He had gone to the extreme to use some powerful spells.

As both his arms opened, his eyes released powerful killing intent and the devilish energy rapidly expanded.

Just as the divine sense was about to escape, Wang Lin let out a roar!

Before this roar, the endless devilish energy suddenly collapsed. Just like the devilish energy from half a year ago, the moment it collapsed, it quickly spread.

It spread so fast that one could only see the devilish spread before it covered hundreds of thousands of kilometers. The escaping divine sense was shrouded within.

If this was it, it wouldn't be enough to reach Wang Lin's needs. This was merely the second step; there was still step three!

The moment the devilish energy spread out to hundreds of thousands of kilometers, Wang Lin took a step and a deep pit appeared. Wang Lin charged forward at an unimaginable speed as if he was a bolt of lightning!

At the same time, the black blood vessels on his face moved, and so did the devilish energy in his body. His right hand formed a seal and he pointed the Demonic Finger at the sky.

He was borrowing the power of the Demonic Finger to control the devilish energy in the world so it would dissipate slower and move with him. This allowed Wang Lin to remain shrouded within this devilish energy.

At this moment, Wang Lin's mind was clear. This was the moment of truth. With each breath, more devilish energy would dissipate, and if he couldn't find the source of the divine sense, his half a year of work would end in failure!

His speed reached his limit as he charged forward like a meteor toward where he had locked onto the other divine sense.

If one looked from above, they would clearly see this shocking scene. A devilish energy that covered hundreds of thousands of kilometers was moving forward at a fast pace. However, this circle of devilish energy was rapidly dissipating.

A black shadow moved like lightning within the devilish energy. It was impossible to see the true appearance of this shadow; you could only see its afterimages.

Wang Lin had to leave this black sand desert, and the divine sense that swept by was the key. However, Wang Lin couldn't track it with his divine sense. Although he didn't know why the other divine sense didn't trigger any reactions, Wang Lin didn't dare to try using his own.

He could only endure and wait. However, he didn't have time to wait for decades. Not to mention helping Zhou Yi, he wouldn't even be able to help Situ Nan remove the poison.

Half a year ago, when he found that he had condensed a trace of devilish energy and crushed it, he noticed something. When the devilish energy spread for a moment, Wang Lin felt like he was inside a void.

He vaguely gained some understanding of this place in this void. He spread out his divine sense, and it instantly spread out more than 1,000 feet without any obstruction.

This discovery opened a big door for the confused Wang Lin.

In order to gather more devilish energy and to shorten the time it would take to do so, he resolutely used the Demonic Finger to absorb devilish energy. He was absorbing it fast enough to be a real devil cultivator.

This allowed him to have powerful devilish energy, but the price was high. Not only did Wang Lin's appearance change, now he had a devil intent in his body.

At this moment, he moved at full spread as he charged forward, and his divine sense spread out hundreds of thousands of kilometers. As the devilish energy dissipated, the distance quickly shortened.

His divine sense that spread out within the devilish energy caused no reaction from the desert. However, Wang Lin knew that the moment his divine sense went outside this devilish energy, it would cause the black sand desert to react.

That grey light that descended half a year ago during his experiment was something Wang Lin still remembered in his heart.

At this moment, he quickly moved with his divine sense locked onto the rapidly retreating divine sense. Although he had gathered a lot of devilish energy, it still quickly dissipated, so now less than half of it remained.

Wang Lin clenched his teeth and roared in his heart, "A bit faster!"

The escaping divine sense suddenly stopped. It no longer escaped but charged at the sky.

"It was cut off!" Wang Lin's eyes lit up. He had already expected the other person to do this, cut off a portion of divine sense so their location wouldn't be found.

The moment the divine sense was cut off, Wang Lin cough out a large mouthful of blood. The blood shined brightly, and Wang Lin jumped inside it and flashed forward.

Blood escape!

Blood escape was to injure oneself in exchange for an extreme speed boost. The reason Wang Lin didn't use it against the whirlwind half a year ago was because the whirlwind was constantly absorbing grey gas and increasing in speed. Blood escape only gave a burst of speed for a short period of time. As a result, he would ultimately be unable to escape.

The blood light flashed and Wang Lin's speed increased greatly. He ignored the divine sense that was cut off and continued to charge at the direction the divine sense was coming from. Borrowing the small amount of devilish energy left, he rushed out, chasing after that cut-off divine sense!

In the distance, a large shadow appeared within Wang Lin's view!
