Chapter 1017 – Nirvana (1)

He wore a gray armor and devilish energy came out of his body, forming a devil shadow behind him. He stood there as if he was one with the black sand desert.

It was impossible to see his face under the grey armor. You could only see his cold eyes with an indifferent gaze under the helmet.

His voice was flat without any emotion. As he spoke, his gaze was locked on Wang Lin.

Wang Lin's expression was gloomy, and with a wave of his hand, he put all the heads into his bag. Wang Lin then looked at at this person who claimed to be called Ming Hai, and he could feel that his cultivation level was no weaker than Nirvana Cleanser.

What made him feel even stranger was that aside from the strands of devilish energy, there was also celestial spiritual energy.

Wang Lin looked at the man and calmly asked, "Am I the only one here?"

The man pondered a bit before shaking his head. The his eyes suddenly shined and he slowly said, "When you beat me, you will know everything!" With that, he took a step forward.

With this step, he jumped off the tower. As he floated in the air, his right hand mercilessly grasped at the void! Five strands of black smoke appeared and shot toward Wang Lin.

The five strands of black smoke seemed to be able to cut space itself. As they moved, five hideous marks appeared as if they had cut the sky itself!

Wang Lin's pupils shrank and he immediately retreated a few steps. The black smoke smashed into the ground were Wang Lin was and kicked up a lot of sand. Waves of sand rose up hundreds of feet into the air and smashed down on Wang Lin!

Wang Lin's eyes lit up and his right hand formed a seal. Then he pointed forward and shouted, "Summon the Rain!"

After he spoke, the sky changed colors and countless drops of rain appeared. The raindrops turned into countless crystals and fell with Wang Lin's words!

These raindrops contained the origin energy of the world. The sand released muffled popping sounds and dissipated as they collided with the rain.

Wang Lin didn't stop and continued to retreat. His hands changed to form more seals and rain gathered. Everything within 10,000 feet was covered by raindrops!

The rain that descended from the sky shot forward like sharps swords the moment Wang Lin waved his hands. There were heaven-shaking rumbles, and the waves of sand quickly dissipated under the impact of the rain.

Just at this instant, the man named Ming Hai charged forward and directly went through the sand wave. He pointed forward and softly said, "Sand Explosion!"

The sand on the ground before him trembled and then suddenly flew into the air. It then charged at Wang Lin from all directions.

Endless amounts of sand from even farther away seemed to be gathering toward this location. The sand extended as far as the eye could see.

The sand was too fast, and it came from all directions as if it wanted to devour Wang Lin. If you looked from above, waves of sand were gathering.

Wang Lin's expression changed and he spat something out. The 18 Hell Celestial Sealing Stamp flew out and turned into a small mountain. He then shouted, "Magic Arsenal!" and waved his right hand!

A ghostly cry echoed across the sky and specks of light filled the world as Wang Lin waved his hand. Countless souls appeared, including the soul of Blood Ancestor.

There were also the numerous celestial souls and the souls of all those people Wang Lin had killed! These people summoned by Wang Lin's spell all roared. The sound replaced everything else in the world, including the sound of the sand whistling. These battle souls were positioned around Wang Lin.

With a thought from Wang Lin, these souls charged out. Among them, Blood Ancestor's soul was most tyrannical. He turned to look at Wang Lin with bloodshot eyes, but he didn't lash out and instead charged outward with a roar!

There were also those numerous celestial souls that seemed to have gone crazy and pounced at their surroundings.

Among these souls, there were people from the Slaughter Realm. They were new additions, and when they appeared, killing intent filled the area!

As the countless grains of sand flew at Wang Lin, they came into contact with the souls. As a result, an endless rumble echoed across the world.

Ming Hai had a calm expression as he pointed to between his eyebrows. A flash of white light came from his eyebrows and formed a three inch sword!

This sword was completely while, and the moment it appeared, it released a shocking sword energy. This sword energy was so strong that it could almost break open the sky!

"This sword was gifted to me by the Celestial Emperor. It is named Fang Zhu!" There was a hint of melancholy in Ming Hai's voice, and he threw the small sword in his hand.

There was a flash of white light when the sword flew toward. It was very fast and looked like a white line that closed in on Wang Lin.

"This sword has a spirit. To die by it is your fortune!"

Ming Hai let out a soft sigh. It was impossible to see his expression, but the sigh pierced the black gas and landed in Wang Lin's ears.

With no hesitation, Wang Lin's right hand formed a fist and the shadow of an ancient god appeared behind him. He then stepped through the grains of sand and threw a punch at the white light.

There was a loud bang and a whirlwind appeared before Wang Lin that swept away all the sand and collided with the white light.

The heaven-shaking sword energy exploded at this moment. Even Ling Tianhou's sword energy was greatly inferior! This sword energy was like a rainbow, and the moment it appeared, the whirlwind formed by Wang Lin's fist collapsed from the center!

It was cut in half!

Wang Lin's expression became gloomy and he continued to retreat, throwing punches as he did so. The rumbles continued, and he retreated more than 1,000 feet before he dodged the sword energy!

There was a hint of disappointment in Ming Hai's eyes, and he turned around to walk back into the tower.

That small sword had broken through all the shockwaves sent by Wang Lin's fists. It then flashed and turned back into a ray of white light that shot at Wang Lin!

Wang Lin frowned hard, and blue light flashed in his right eye. The azure light shield appeared before Wang Lin and the white light collided with it.

Popping sounds echoed and the shadow of the ancient god behind Wang Lin became more solid. He silently pondered as the ancient god stars slowly rotated. The memories he inherited from Tu Si flashed through his mind.

After taking a deep breath, Wang Lin placed his hands before his body. Then his fingers crossed, forming a strange mark.

"Steal the merit of the heavens, take the soul of the universe, gather the Ancient Order, eternal remembrance!" The ancient god language slowly came out of Wang Lin's mouth. As he spoke, the ancient god shadow behind Wang Lin also formed the same seal.

Although Wang Lin had inherited a lot of ancient god spells, a 5-star ancient god could only use a few of them. In addition to calling the power of the ancient ancestors and summoning the God Slaying Spear, there was also this spell!

This spell was the limit of the amount of power a 5-star ancient god could use, and it was named Merit Spirit!

Instead of the white sword, the spell was targeted at the man named Ming Hai. Wang Lin's eyes revealed a ghostly light as he pushed the hand seal forward. Large amounts of ancient god power filled his body and quickly gathered on the seal inside his hands.

"Steal the merit of the heavens!"

At this moment, the entire world changed. The dim sky seemed to be ripped open by a pair of giant hands. All the surrounding sand was instantly knocked away by a shock wave. This allowed the souls from Magic Arsenal to charge forward.

The world changed in the space outside of the Demon Spirit Land, and endless origin energy began to gather. This origin energy broke through the vortex at the East Demon Spirit Sea and went inside.

It pierced through everything inside the Demon Spirit Land and charged into the fifth cave though the Nine Dragon formation!

At this moment, the white jade bottle floating before the person sitting on the wooden bridge and covered in black mist began to tremble violently.

"Eh?" A sound came from the black mist. A ghostly light suddenly shined from the eyes of the person in the black mist and he suddenly looked up. A black vortex appeared, and origin energy charged out from the vortex toward the jade bottle.

"It was able to attract power from the world outside!" The voice of the man inside the black mist was filled with shock!

"I originally thought that only four people needed attention, but unexpectedly, there is another…" A murmur came from the black mist, and his eyes lit up. A dried up arm reached out of the white bottle and mercilessly squeezed!

The origin energy that charged in began to collapse and dissipate rapidly.

Just as this person inside the black mist crushed the incoming origin energy, Wang Lin's ancient god language echoed once more in the black sand desert.

"Take the soul of the universe!"

After he spoke, the ancient god shadow behind Wang Lin let out roar that shook the heavens and earth. It was as if this roar could split the world and extract the souls of the mountains, of the starry skies, and of the universe!

The universe didn't have a soul, but this ancient god spell could withdraw a will from it! This was an extremely powerful ancient god spell, but the amount of power it displayed depend on the power of the user.

If a 9-star ancient god used Merit Spirit, they could not only extract the soul of the universe, they could even extract some of the laws of the world and use it to change the heavens!

Wang Lin was, after all, only at five stars, so he couldn't do all of this. However, since he was a royal ancient god, he was at least able to make the black sand desert tremble!

The devilish shadow on the wooden bridge had just crushed the origin energy when the white jade bottle started trembling violently. It was as if a force inside it was constantly releasing a suction force from within!

The black cork blocking the mouth of the bottle trembled and was pulled down as if it was going to get sucked into the bottle!

A ghostly light exploded from the eyes of the person inside the dark mist!
