Chapter 1018 – Nirvana (2)

After he said "Steal the merit of the heavens," although the origin energy he summoned from the outside was blocked, his own origin energy mixed with his ancient god power and went into his hand.

The moment his origin energy left, a white line appeared from the seal formed by Wang Lin's hands!

"Take the soul of the universe!" Then it caused a storm inside the black sand desert. As numerous gusts of wind whistled through the desert, black gas appeared within the world and condensed into a black line before Wang Lin!

These two lines intersected and formed a diamond-shaped rune!

This rune was beyond anything from the Tattoo Clan. It was so complex that one would feel dizzy just by looking at it.

"Gather the Ancient Order, eternal remembrance!" The moment Wang Lin said the last line, the diamond rune released a black and white glow and slowly floated forward!

As it floated, the diamond rune continued to expand until it was more than 10,000 feet tall. It was like a wall that reached the heavens, and it continued to push forward.

Rumbles echoed and the dim sky was pushed back; even the black sand on the ground was pushed back!

It was as if the sand was having all of its existence erased!

The giant diamond rune could be clearly seen from anywhere in the world! As it moved forward, everything before it was destroyed!

Wang Lin revealed a tired expression. It was not easy for him to use this spell with his current ancient god power, which was why he had never used it before. If not for the fact that this battle would determine whether he could leave or not, he wouldn't have used it.

Although the man named Ming Hai was as strong as a Nirvana Cleanser cultivator, the spells and treasures he used were heaven-shaking.

As the rumbles echoed, the small, white sword was pushed back and a sword hymn echoed across the sky!

Ming Hai, who was walking back into the tower, trembled and turned around. When he saw the slowly approaching diamond rune, his eyes shined brightly.

"I don't care whether your identity is an ancient god or Qi cultivator. Being able to display such a spell means you're qualified to see the true form of the sword gifted by the Celestial Emperor."

As the man spoke, he pointed forward. The small, white sword that was pushed back trembled and released sword energy that could pierce the heavens!

At this moment, the entire sky was covered by sword shadows. An ancient sword intent suddenly filled the world and emitted an ancient aura. The small sword had summoned this ancient sword intent to descend on the black sand desert.

As the sword intent descended, various figures appeared behind the sword shadows in the sky. These were figures of ancient people, and they each held a sword in their hand. Then the small, white sword turned into a ray of white light that charged at the diamond rune, and the figures in the sky began to move!

As they moved, they released dense amounts of sword energy. At this moment, the sky was a world of swords!

Under the impact of the small, white sword, those sword energies closed in on the diamond rune!

The small, white sword moved the fastest and suddenly collided with the diamond rune. Large amounts of ripples began to spread across the rune, then the sword energies from the sky descended.

It was as if countless people were using various sword tactics that emitted sword energy, and they fused together into a monstrous sword intent that shot at the diamond rune!

The diamond rune shook violently! There was a loud rumble that echoed as it shook. Wang Lin's body trembled and he coughed out blood. He would suffer backlash for using this spell at this current cultivation level!

Coldness appeared in Wang Lin's eyes as he stared ahead. His ancient god stars rotated rapidly and a large amount of ancient god power entered the diamond rune. This caused the diamond rune to continue moving forward!

As it moved, all of the black sand was removed from the ground, revealing a mirror-like white surface. The dim sky was also pushed away, revealing a mirror-like white surface!

The ancient sword intent and countless sword shadows formed by the small, white sword were forced to retreat! Even ancient sword intent couldn't stop an ancient god spell!

Moreover, this small white sword didn't possess the complete ancient sword intent, only a portion of it. As a result, it wasn't able to resist!

Ming Hai's eyes revealed a strange light as he smiled and stared the diamond rune along with Wang Lin, who was behind it. He laughed. "Good. I didn't expect to see this kind of spell in my twilight years. I'll answer one of your questions! I think the thing you want to know the most is how to leave this place!

"This is the first layer of the celestial cave, the Bottle World! This is where the Celestial Emperor collects celestial spiritual energy to form celestial spirits. The reason it is called the Bottle World is because this entire world is within a bottle! This bottle was one of the treasures the Celestial Emperor refined in his earlier years!

"However, due to the Celestial Emperor being seriously injured, his divine sense collapsed. A divine sense containing the Celestial Emperor's Lonely Desert Smoke entered and made this place into a black sand desert! The grey gas you experienced was formed by the Celestial Emperor's spell!

"There are a total of 99 realms, and each of the realms has the same black sand. You and your companions were sent into different realms here! In addition, I can tell you that the Celestial Emperor's spell Lonely Desert Smoke was comprehended through one of the nine Mountain and River Paintings, the Lonely Desert Smoke. That painting is sealed within this bottle world!

"If you are destined, you can take it! Of course, you must kill me first!" Ming Hai laughed as he leaped forward and a ghostly light appeared in his eyes. He pointed up at the sky and slowly said, "I, Ming Hai, am a realm spirit of the bottle world. Aside from the Fang Zhu, which the Celestial Emperor gave me, I also have a Celestial Emperor spell!

"Burn the Heavens!"

Ming Hai pointed at the sky and laughed, then a nine-colored flame began burning from within his body. This flame contained scarlet, orange, red, green, cyan, blue, and purple, along with black and white.

The flame shot into the sky along with Ming Hai's finger. The sky was enveloped in a scarlet light and began burning!

This didn't end. As the scarlet light filled the sky, the other colors began to shine. The nine-colored flames flooded the sky, and at this instant, the flames covered the sea!

Burn the Heavens!

Burn the sky!

A celestial spell that used the power of burning the sky. The person that created this celestial spell was Qing Lin!

Waves of heat descended from the sky. As the sky burned, the dim shroud covering the sky was replaced with endless fire. Under this intense heat, the sand on the group actually collapsed.

Grains of sand shattered, and in an instant, the black sand desert Wang Lin was in turned into hell! As the grains of sand collapsed, they began to melt due to the invading heat!

The black sand became a black sea!

This shocking scene caused Wang Lin to gasp. He was close to the flames, so he immediately felt the heatwave enter his body. His skin began to crack and even the blood in his body turned into red gas that came out of his pores!

Just this was already shocking. However, Wang Lin immediately noticed that something was happening to his origin energy; it was rapidly dissipating.

The flames that covered the sky seemed to extend endlessly, as if they wanted to burn the entire sky. As long as there was any sky, the flames would continue to burn.

Popping sounds echoed across the the sky. Wang Lin could vaguely see nine fire dragons roaring through the sky and burning the world!

For a celestial spell to have the name "Burn the Heavens," it had to have unimaginable power. If even the sky could be burned to ashes, there was no need to mention everything below the sky!

The diamond rune swept forward and pushed the melted sand. The flames in the sky seemed to be getting pushed by the diamond rune.

However, in an instant, even more intense flames covered the sky. As sky burned, it was as if the sky was melting as well. Large amounts of flames fell from the sky, and every time a blob of flames fell, the earth would tremble.

More and more flames fell, and it all burned before the diamond rune.

The dense heat wave and black gas caused Wang Lin's mind to tremble!

At this moment, Ming Hai's laugh echoed across the world.

"The power that burns the sky, become my celestial spell and destroy everything!" As Meng Hai's voice echoed, the flames in the sky suddenly gathered and swept toward the diamond rune!

There were nine colors in these flames. The nine-colored flames descended and began to circle the diamond rune. As more flame descended, even the ground began to burn. It was as if the black sand desert had turned into a fire hell that wanted to devour Wang Lin and the diamond rune!

Wang Lin had already lost too much origin energy. His face was pale as he sat above the diamond rune. However, with the impact of the flames, the burning of the sky, and descending flames, the diamond rune under him shattered!

While it collapsed, Wang Lin's eyes lit up and his arms spread out. The remaining origin energy in his body was mercilessly sent out to create a shock wave. This shock wave caused the shattered diamond rune to scatter in all directions!

Although the rune had shattered, it still contained the power of an ancient god. As it scattered, it was as if a storm was set off in this sea of flames!

As this storm spread out, it pushed the flames away. However, this was only temporary. Once the storm dissipates, the flame will return and burn everything!

Using the window where the flames were pushed away, Wang Lin ignored the sweat that covered his body and the red mist that was his blood that came out of his pores and slapped his bag of holding. His eyes were red as he shouted, "God Slaying Chariot!"

In an instant, a five-colored light flew out of Wang Lin's bag and turned into the five-colored butterfly!
