Chapter 1019 – Nirvana (3)

The five-colored butterfly flapped its wing and five-colored powder appeared. Wang Lin pointed at Ming Hai behind the sea of fire. The five-colored butterfly moved forward and flapped its wings.

An invisible wind that could shatter all power of law was set off in this ruin of the black sand desert!

The moment the five-colored butterfly appeared, the mist around Ming Hai was hit by a gust of wind and was blown away.

When the mist dissipated, the grey armor and the upright figure within the armor were revealed.

Looking at the five-colored butterfly, there was a trace of confusion in Ming Hai's eyes. He seemed to have given up on resisting as he stared at the butterfly in a trance.

As the five-colored butterfly moved forward, it flapped its wing. A small portion of Ming Hai's armor shattered into fragments and was pushed back.

As the five-colored butterfly continued to move forward, it continued to flap its wings. The rumbles continued and Ming Hai's armor began to shatter like crazy!

Large amounts of cracks appeared on his helmet until it fell off from his face. This revealed his rough, black hair and his sunken in face.

He was a middle-aged man filled with age. There was a scar on his right eyebrow. If you looked closely, this scar almost penetrated into his skull, and there was a black fragment inside it!

Bursts of black gas came from the fragment and continued to enter Ming Hai's head.

Ming Hai withdrew his gaze from the butterfly and his eyes revealed a ghostly light. He touched the scar on his forehead and muttered, "I still haven't died…"

His body flickered and he charged at Wang Lin. His right hand formed a seal and pointed at the sky. The flames in the area seemed to have gone crazy, as if they were being summoned. They devoured the shattered diamond rune and rushed over.

There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin's eyes as he charged out and formed a seal with both of his hands. He bit the tip of his tongue to spit out a blood arrow, and his right hand used it to draw a blood rune that landed on the five-colored butterfly!

"Every God Slaying War Chariot has five seals on it. After the third chariot was activated, it turned into a cocoon that gave birth to this butterfly. However, there are still five seals on this butterfly. Only by releasing all five seals can I gain control of this chariot and use the true power of the treasure created by Master Tian Bao that could slay gods!

"Turning into a butterfly can be considered the first seal. Now the second seal, release!" Wang Lin's blood arrow landed on the butterfly, causing it to tremble violently. As it trembled, a sixth color quickly appeared!

Ming Hai quickly moved forward, waving his hand, which was covered in flames. After he closed in on Wang Lin, he waved his hand and flames appeared before him. Without hesitation, Wang Lin summoned the ancient god furnace. He disappeared in a flash and re-appeared behind Ming Hai.

Coldness flashed in his gaze and his right hand mercilessly pressed on Ming Hai's back. The Wither Dao Pair appeared in a flash. As the evil intent filled the area, grey light shined on Ming Hai's feet.

Ming Hai revealed a grim smile. He opened his arms and a devilish celestial energy surged out. It created a shockwave that quickly spread!

The grey light under his feet quickly disappeared and a powerful shockwave went after Wang Lin. Wang Lin quickly retreated, but at the same time, he spat out another blood arrow at the butterfly not far away.

"Third seal, release!"

Opening three seals was the limit of Wang Lin's cultivation!

The butterfly trembled, and in the blink of an eye, it turned into a seven-colored butterfly!

The seven colors flashed, making the butterfly more gorgeous. With a flap of its wings, seven-colored powder appeared before Wang Lin and gently floated forward!

Ming Hai turned around and waved his right hand, causing the sea of flames to charge at Wang Lin once more. The sea of flames was only 1,000 feet away and would soon reach Wang Lin.

The heat wave blew on Wang Lin, and his skin became even more cracked, but not much blood mist flew out. Wang Lin felt dizzy right now due to losing too much blood.

Even his origin soul had become weak, but due to the Ancient God Leather Armor, his origin soul wasn't damaged. After all, this armor came from an 8-star ancient god, and Wang Lin's body was only five stars!

Even Ming Hai was startled by this. He let out a sneer as his left hand formed a seal and pointed at the earth. Then his hand reached out at the void. Suddenly, all the sand that had melted into black liquid began to gather in Ming Hai's hand.

At this moment, the seven-colored butterfly flapped its wings and rapidly approached Ming Hai. The seven-colored powder formed a storm that charged at Ming Hai!

Ming Hai's eyes lit up. He grabbed the black liquid that had gathered in his left hand and threw it up. The black liquid was thrown into the air and formed a protective barrier!

However, just as the black liquid barrier was formed, the seven-colored butterfly went through the storm and pierced the barrier. This caused the black liquid to be pushed back toward Ming Hai along with the storm!

At this moment, the flames were less than 500 feet away. In this moment of crisis, the ancient god furnace appeared around Wang Lin and he appeared behind Ming Hai in a flash. His right hand quickly pointed forward!

Ming Hai frowned and the devilish celestial energy inside his body erupted once more. However, just as it was about to erupt, there was a hint of coldness in Wang Lin's eyes as he shouted, "Stop!"

This time, he didn't want to attack to hurt Ming Hai, but to confuse him so he could find the best chance to use the Stop spell!

With one word, it was as if countless threads had wrapped around Ming Hai, and he unexpectedly paused for a moment. Not including Wang Lin's ancient god body, he was only a peak mid stage Nirvana Scryer cultivator. To use the Stop spell against a celestial at the Nirvana Cleanser stage meant that he would suffer the backlash, but he didn't care anymore!

The moment Ming Hai's body paused, the seven-colored storm arrived. It didn't attack Ming Hai's body, but under Wang Lin's control, it charged into the wound on Ming Hai's right eyebrow!

The entire seven-colored storm entered the wound!

A frantic roar came from Ming Hai's mouth. He held his head as he began to struggle like crazy and quickly retreated!

Wang Lin didn't pursue but withdrew all his treasures. When the Burn the Heavens spell appeared, he had already withdrawn all of the souls for his Magic Arsenal and the Celestial Sealing Stamp. After doing so, he charged straight for the black tower!

At this moment, the flames from Burn the Heavens came at Wang Lin from all directions. Under the heat wave, Wang Lin's clothes caught on fire, but a ray of blue light came of his right eye quickly extinguished the flame.

He clenched his teeth and the ancient god furnace appeared once more and moved him forward 1,000 feet in a flash. Then he stepped into the black tower. The reason he entered the black tower was because when the flames were burning the world and melting the black sand desert until there was nothing left, the black tower didn't move at all and none of the flames had gone inside.

However, the flames were far too fast. Almost at the moment Wang Lin walked into the tower, the flames swept by. The heat wave from the flames hit Wang Lin's back!

Wang Lin only felt pain from his back, and the heat directly entered his body. Luckily, this was only residual heat, so it wasn't too much. He took out large amount of pills and swallowed them.

Then he looked back into the distance and saw the sea of flames everywhere. The black sand desert no longer existed and the sky was now a void that would occasionally reveal a mirror-like, smooth, white surface.

Ming Hai's painful screams came from the distance. He was holding his head and roaring constantly. Wang Lin could clearly see the seven-colored light in Ming Hai's right eyebrow. The seven-colored light flashed as if it wanted to seal this would.

However, just as the wound on his right eyebrow was sealed, the the black fragment in the scar was surrounded by the seven-colored gas. This cut off the flow of devilish energy, and his eyes entered a trance as if he had awakened from an endless nightmare. However, his face was filled with endless pain. He jerked his head up to look at the mirror-like white surface above him and revealed a miserable smile.

"Celestial Emperor, Ming Hai has been disloyal. Due to my own greed, I turned into a devil. I deserve to die!" With a miserable smile, the endless flames surged and wrapped around him. After the flames disappeared, the person had turned to ashes, leaving only the seven-colored butterfly. It flew through the sea of flames and returned to Wang Lin's side.

After witnessing all of this, Wang Lin silently pondered. He vaguely had an idea of what had happened. After letting out a sigh, he noticed that the flames were not coming into the tower. Then he began examining this tower.

After a long time, his eyes lit up and he slapped his bag of holding. The heads that he took a little while ago floated before him.

Wang Lin's eyes revealed a strange light and he muttered, "I didn't think the celestial spell Nether Guide would be useful in this place!

"These people all have devilish energy. If I use it as a guide, I will be able to open a passage to leave this place!"

Wang Lin waved his right hand and the heads all collapsed. Then his hand formed a seal and everything merged together to form a dark red vortex. A passage gradually opened before Wang Lin.

"Huh?" Wang Lin's eyes narrowed and he noticed that something was wrong. As the vortex rotated, dense devilish energy came out from within.

Just at this moment, he heard a boom. It sounded like the vortex had just broken into some place!

Wang Lin looked inside and was shocked!

He saw a large hall filled with devilish energy. There was a huge throne in that hall, and a person was sitting on it!
