Chapter 1050 – The Sixth Floor

Although Void treasures were rare, there were still some left. Every single Nirvana Shatterer old monster would treasure a Void treasure greatly. After all, the method of producing them was lost, and they couldn't be repaired. Once they were broken, they would lose a lot of their power.

In truth, some Pseudo Nirvana Void treasures weren't really Pseudo Nirvana Void; they were merely just Void treasures. They were just a bit stronger, and the "Pseudo Nirvana Void" name was just for vanity's sake.

For normal Nirvana Shatterer old monsters, Void treasures were already the peak, and they would do anything for them. However, for those that stood at the top, although Void treasures were still precious, they weren't lacking these kinds of treasures.

In truth, none of the treasures in this world would catch their attention. What they pursued was how to transcend the second step toward the legendary third step they all dreamed of.

However, this third step was too too ethereal, and the path was to vague. One could only wait for the five Heaven's Blights to arrive one by one. In the end, they would become a grain of sand among the waves and die.

For those old monsters that had lived such long lives, it was no longer a dream or hope of reaching the third step, but a desire to live. Only with the power of the third step could they endure the five Heaven's Blights; otherwise, what awaited them was death.

At this moment, a cultivator from the system under the Wind Celestial Realm arrived in the Alliance Star System. Although he hadn't reached the third step, he had passed the fourth Heaven's Blight!

The five Heaven's Blights were things all Nirvana Shatterer cultivators had to face. Every time they passed a Heaven's Blight, their strength would increase greatly. However, they were simply too difficult, and failure meant they would immediately die!

The reason this person was able to pass the fourth Heaven's Blight was precisely because he had a magic treasure. This treasure was a Nirvana treasure! After investigating, Nirvana treasures seemed to come from primordial times, but the amount that remained was extremely low.

Although this was the case, those Nirvana Shatterer old monsters found records of treasures that were beyond Void treasures but just second to Nirvana treasures.

These were Pseudo Nirvana Void treasures!

Although Pseudo Nirvana Void treasures weren't as rare as Nirvana treasures, only a pathetic amount still existed. Almost all of them were in the hands of peak Nirvana Shatterer cultivators.

The requirement for joining the Alliance elder group was to have a Pseudo Nirvana Void treasure!

Aside from the fact that these treasures were extremely powerful, they also played a certain part in helping a cultivator resist the five Heaven's Blights.

Pseudo Nirvana Void treasures were also split into different grades. They were split into low, mid, high, and top tier, like normal treasures. After all, these treasures were all left behind by ancestors. The descendants didn't even know how to make them, much less categorize them properly.

"It can absorb a cultivator's killing intent, form an illusion, and have such power… The treasure in Wang Lin's hand might be high quality Pseudo Nirvana Void, or even a peak Pseudo Nirvana Void treasure!" The beautiful woman gasped and dread filled her eyes.

While the three of them were thinking, a roar came from outside. The man in black immediately jumped between the statues and copied Wang Lin to leave this place. Master Void and the beautiful woman also flew over.

At this moment, at the in the second floor of the Celestial Emperor Cave, there was a flash of purple light at a pavilion near the center of the second floor. Wang Lin's figure walked out from the light.

"A Nirvana Shatterer cultivator is unexpectedly difficult to kill. Master Void is seriously injured, but still not dead! There is also that beautiful woman, and right now…" When Wang Lin appeared, he immediately coughed out a mouthful of blood and showed a rare sign of fatigue.

"However, this iron sword was beyond my imagination. I didn't think it would have this kind of power. If I can get all five iron swords for the sword sheaths and use them…" Wang Lin took a deep breath and shook his head. If he were to use them at the same time, he would likely be drained dry in an instant!

He put the iron sword back into the sword sheath and put it back inside his bag. Wang Lin took out some pills and devoured them. Without waiting for them to digest, he clenched his teeth and moved forward.

He had put up a front and used his momentum form seriously injuring Master Void to shock the man in black and the beautiful woman. Otherwise, if both of them attacked, Wang Lin would have without a doubt died.

At this moment, he had no time to sit down and recover. He had to use his advantage of knowing the layout of the cave to create distance between him and them.

After taking a deep breath, Wang Lin moved through the various restrictions and soon arrived at one of the restriction eyes marked on the map. After taking a look, Wang Lin immediately confirmed his speculation that someone else had come here first and broke the restriction eyes. It was unknown what floor they had already reached.

He dragged his weary body toward the palace at the center surrounded by the black fog. The first six floors of the Celestial Emperor Cave were mostly structured the same. With Wang Lin's familiarity, although he was slower than usual, he still quickly arrived at the center of the second floor where the entrance to the third floor was.

At this moment, the man in black, the beautiful woman, and the heavily injured Master Void also arrived at the second floor.

The seriously injured Master Void was no longer as arrogant as he was in the first floor. He moved forward slowly, and this gave Wang Lin time in the palace in the second floor. There were no statues here, only nine stone candlesticks. Wang Lin calmed his anxious heart, and after carefully observing for a long time, he frowned.

However, his gaze suddenly landed on the candlesticks on the table, and he noticed faint traces of movement. There were deep and shallow traces, so they were moved more than once. It was obviously made to confuse people.

His eyes lit up, and he squatted down and carefully observed them. His eyes gradually lit up. He felt a sliver of sword energy from these candles.

This sword energy was very ordinary, so even if others felt it, they would think it was just residue from someone trying to break the candlesticks by force. However. to Wang Lin. the meaning was significant.

"Senior Zhou Yi's sword energy… If he left the sword energy here, that means he is already at the third floor, so why did he leave it here… Could it be…" Wang Lin's eyes narrowed. He had recovered some origin energy on the way here. Now he waved his hand and the nine candlesticks immediately lit up.

The moment the candles lit up, the light from the flames surrounded Wang Lin, and he disappeared to the third floor.

Moving the candlesticks was only to confuse others. Even the trace of being moved was just to distract people from the fact that the candlesticks needed to be lit.

Time slowly passed, and in the blink of an eye, Wang Lin had spent two months in the Celestial Emperor Cave. In these two months, he only had a short period of time to heal. The rest of the time was spent traveling through each floor.

The deeper he went, the stronger the restrictions became. Even with Wang Lin's restriction knowledge and the map's instructions, it took some time to get past them.

What wasted the most time were the palaces at the center of each floor. They were like balls of mysteries that required a lot of effort to find the entrance to the next floor.

If that was it, it wouldn't be such a big deal, but after the fourth floor, the map showed many storage spaces as well. Wang Lin was naturally unwilling to let them go, so he checked them out. Most of them had already been opened by others, but there were still a few places not found. Wang Lin moved everything he had found into his bag. Just thinking about his harvest in these two months made Wang Lin excited.

Even he was shocked greatly by the stuff inside the storage spaces. When it came to things such as celestial jades, Wang Lin had enough to supply a sect for 1,000 years.

There were many other things as well. From Wang Lin's point of view, these storage spaces were storage points set up by Celestial Emperor Qing Lin. There was obviously a purpose for all of them.

Wang Lin didn't know what purpose Qing Lin had, but the things were now his, which made Wang Lin excited for a few days. What was even more exciting was that according to the jade, there were two transfer arrays to storage spaces on the sixth floor.

One of them contained a lot of celestial pills and elixirs from before the Celestial Realm collapsed. At this moment, those pills and elixirs were more important than any treasure.

During these two months, Wang Lin still hadn't recovered his full strength. His physical injuries were no longer an issue due to his strong recovery from his ancient god body. The problem was his loss of origin energy and how his origin soul had weakened from using the iron sword. If he had no pills, it would be difficult to recover in a short period of time. Wang Lin was almost out of pills, and adding on the dangers that were everywhere, Wang Lin absolutely had to obtain that storage space full of pills.

On this day, there was a flash of light at the edge of the sixth floor. Wang Lin walked out from the light. The place he appeared in was surrounded by pavilions, as if it was its own little garden. There were mountains sounding area and a river flowing not far away. The sound of the flowing river echoed and was very soothing.

"This is the sixth floor!" Wang Lin took a deep breath and looked around. After quickly matching his location with the map, he immediately knew his current location.

Wang Lin's eyes was filled with determination as he charged toward the right.

"I must obtain those pills!" Wang Lin moved very quickly through those restrictions, but soon he stopped and looked straight ahead.

"There is someone here!" Wang Lin had noticed a lot of traces of people as he moved through the second to fifth floors, but he had never encountered anyone. This was the first time he detected someone!

"It mustn't have been easy for Little Brother to make it here!" A slightly surprised sound came from ahead.
