Chapter 1077 – Battle Between Teacher and Disciple

Every time Wang Lin used Magic Arsenal, he admired Bai Fan greatly for being able to create such a spell that trapped the souls of the ones you killed for you own use, making it so they were unable to enter the incarnation cycle or dissipate from the world.

This spell already defied the heavens and almost stepped on the boundary of replacing the heavens in the act of passing judgement!

At this moment, Master Void's soul charged out, and it was covered in killing intent. Even the headless person paled in comparison to the killing intent from Master Void. He had died with lot of resentment, and he was a peak Nirvana Shatterer cultivator going through his first Heaven's Blight. The power of his soul was extremely shocking!

After he charged out, he began battling with the headless person. There were also countless souls helping, so it instantly turned the situation around.

However, Wang Lin also paid a heavy price. Celestial Emperor Bai Fan's spell had used the little remaining celestial origin energy Wang Lin had left. If not for Esteemed Xuan Bao's origin soul to provide more celestial origin energy, Wang Lin would've ran out a long time ago.

Even with Esteemed Xuan Bao's origin soul, Wang Lin was running low on celestial origin energy to continue using these spells. If he couldn't find more celestial origin souls, then once he ran out, he wouldn't be able to use Bai Fan's spells anymore. He might be able to use Call the Wind, but it would be a lot weaker than with celestial origin energy.

In the distance, the All-Seer frowned. He didn't think Wang Lin would still have an ace even now! The All-Seer's eyes became cold and his right hand formed a seal, then he pointed at the sky.

This time, the black and white chaos churned even more and then the head of a giant python suddenly appeared like lightning. This python had a horn and its scales were black. There were also some vivid tattoos on it, making it look even more ferocious.

At this moment, its cold eyes looked at Wang Lin and charged directly at him.

It wasn't just the python that charged out; something else came with it. It was a half-rotten black qilin, and after it appeared, it released a rotting smell. Its eyes released a black glow as it charged at Wang Lin with a roar.

After the black qilin, five more headless people came out. It was as if there were endless creatures living inside this chaos.

These five headless people followed closely after the qilin. They circled Master Void and started to attack.

Wang Lin's eyes lit up. He wanted to summon the All-Seer avatars that were inside the 18th layer of hell. However, a thought appeared in his mind as he stared at the All-Seer and sneered.

The reason the All-Seer was gradually summoning beasts to attack him was probably to make him summon the two All-Seer avatars!

Wang Lin didn't care if his guess was right or wrong. It just made him feel uncomfortable to have to summon the souls of the All-Seer's avatars before the All-Seer's true body.

With the black python moving like lightning and the fishy smell closing in, Wang Lin closed his eyes. Then the armor on his body released a bright glow and the white Vermillion Bird flew out. It rushed toward the python, and the roars of the python and the cries of the Vermillion Bird began to echo.

The All-Seer's eyes lit up and he revealed a smile. What he was waiting for aside from the two avatars was this Vermillion Bird. The moment the Vermillion Bird appeared, the All-Seer stood up and stepped forward.

With one step, he closed in on Wang Lin. He ignored Wang Lin and mercilessly reached for the white Vermillion Bird!

"My Heavenly Fate Four Spirit is only missing the Vermillion Bird Spirit. If I can get it today, it will be a joyous occasion!"

The white Vermillion Bird let out a hiss and a monstrous flame exploded from its body. However, the All-Seer's large hand pierced the flames and reached for the white Vermillion Bird. The python dodged the Vermillion Bird and charged at Wang Lin.

The python opened its mouth to devour Wang Lin.

At this critical moment, although Wang Lin's face was pale, there was no trace of fear in his eyes. A vortex appeared between his eyebrows and his weakened origin soul flew out. The moment the ancient thunder dragon origin soul flew out, it let out a roar!

Roar!

This roar caused Wang Lin's origin soul to become even weaker, but the python coming at him let out a miserable scream. Countless lightning bolts arched across its body, and its eyes filled with fear. It gave up devouring and was going to retreat.

Just at this moment, the chaos surrounding this 50 kilometer area began to churn, and the sound of roaring thunder came from outside.

Even the All-Seer was shocked by this!

As the thunderous rumbles echoed, the thunder pierced through the chaos and charged directly at the python.

It wasn't just one bolt of thunder, but countless bolts of thunder, and they surrounded the python. Even the All-Seer was surrounded by thunder.

As the thunder rumbled, the python let out a miserable cry and its body collapsed. Killing intent flashed across the All-Seer's eyes. He didn't think Wang Lin still had spell like this left.

His right hand didn't stop and grabbed the white Vermillion Bird. At the same time, his left hand rose up and ruthlessly slammed down on Wang Lin.

"No one can save you!"

The six elders from the Vermillion Bird Divine Sect all let out roars and wanted to help, but Ancient Devil Ta Jia was too strong. The six of them were already insufficient, and even with the flame giant, they were still losing. Three of the elders coughed out blood and looked bleak; they were obviously seriously injured.

They weren't far, but it was too difficult for them to save Wang Lin!

This palm was the All-Seer's killing move. The moment it fell, Wang Lin's eye flashed blue and the azure light shield appeared. However, the moment it touched the palm, it cracked in two and returned back into Wang Lin's right eye.

Borrowing the moment the azure light shield had bought him, Wang Lin's right hand reached at the void. At this moment, he could no longer care for his injuries. A crack appeared before him and the God Slaying Spear appeared. He ruthlessly threw it at the All-Seer's palm.

With a bang, the God Slaying Spear dissipated into specks of light. It wasn't that the God Slaying Spear was too weak, but Wang Lin could only summon an illusion. Adding on the fact that he was seriously injured and couldn't display its full power, it immediately dissipated before the All-Seer's palm.

The All-Seer's right hand felt numb, and the killing intent in his eyes became even stronger. It wasn't until today that he finally realized how difficult Wang Lin was to kill! However, right now he was determined to kill this child!

Although the God Slaying Spear had dissipated, it had also bought Wang Lin precious time. Madness appeared in Wang Lin's eyes as he roared, "If you want to kill me, then you must pay the price!"

As he roared, the third eye appeared between Wang Lin's eyebrows and suddenly opened toward the All-Seer!

The former teacher and disciple began their second battle since that time on planet Tian Yun! One wanted to kill, while the other wanted to struggle to survive! They were like water and fire; they couldn't mix!

The moment the third eye opened, a red light flashed out and the little remaining source origin shot out. The red light enveloped the All-Seer's palm and also surrounded the All-Seer.

Even someone as strong as the All-Seer couldn't help but tremble, and he cried, "Source origin!!" His body rapidly dissipated under the source origin. Behind him, thousands of All-Seers appeared. They seemed to be struggling and were letting out angry roars.

It was as if some kind of balance had been disrupted by the source origin!

The moment the All-Seer's body was forced to stop, one of the six elders of the Vermillion Bird Divine Sect revealed a determined madness in his eyes. Their task was to ensure Wang Lin's safety, but Wang Lin was in a life and death situation. If Wang Lin died before their eyes, it would be tantamount to them wiping out the hope of the Vermillion Bird Divine Sect.

People that weren't part of the Vermillion Bird Divine Sect could never understand the accumulated sorrow and frustration they had experienced for tens of thousands of years. At this moment, the old man let out a bitter smile and his arms opened. Madness filled his eyes as he began to detonate his origin soul!

The self-destruction of a Nirvana Shatterer cultivator!

This self destruction was heaven-shaking and created a destructive aura. This old man was willing to give up everything even though Wang Lin didn't even know his name. However, for the hope of the Vermillion Bird Divine Sect, he was willing to choose his own destruction!

A thunderous rumble echoed as his body was torn apart. His origin soul carried the unimaginable impact and swept forth. The All-Seer's eyes lit up and his right hand reached toward between his eyebrows. Then three marks appeared between his eyebrows!

As the All-Seer reached toward between his brows, one of the marks was ripped apart. At this moment, the All-Seer's cultivation level increased like crazy, and this power formed a storm. It blocked Wang Lin's source origin and stopped the impact from the self-destruction of the Nirvana Shatterer cultivator.

Borrowing the self-destruction of the Nirvana Shatterer cultivation, Wang Lin rapidly retreated and finally created some distance between him and the All-Seer!

The All-Seer's white hair flowed. His old face became a lot younger after the mark was destroyed. He now looked like a middle-aged man around 50 years old.

That aura from his body caused everyone to suck in a breath of cold air. Even Ancient Devil Ta Jia's eyes narrowed.

"It has been almost 20,000 years since I opened this first seal… Wang Lin, you were able to force me to open my first seal and release the full power of the first Heaven's Blight. I didn't take you as my disciple for nothing!"

At this moment, an army of more than 10,000 cultivators appeared in the space outside the dust where the Demon Spirit Land was. Leading them was an old man in white filled with celestial spiritual energy. He gave off the aura of a celestial, and behind him were almost 100 celestials.

They were the remnants of the Rain Celestial Realm. This white-robed elder was the Celestial Lord second only to Celestial Lord Qing Shuang. At the same time, he was an elder of the Alliance; his power was just below Master Zhong Xuan's!

On the other side, an illusory figure moved through the stars. Although he looked slow, in reality, he crossed an immeasurable distance with just one step. He was the origin soul of the Vermillion Bird Divine Emperor.

There were two more people coming toward the Demon Spirit Land. These two people were the old man from the Brilliant Void Realm and… Mu Bingmei!
