Chapter 1081 – Dream of Ancient Times

Just at this moment, the rays of light appeared within endless space. These rays of light were very fast and rushed through the torn sky into the Demon Spirit Land.

The person leading the way was a celestial filled with celestial spiritual energy! Behind him were many celestials that had also slaughtered their way here. A large amount of Alliance cultivators arrived and surrounded the area.

For the Cultivation Alliance, whether it was the Four Divine Sect, the All-Seer, or Ancient Devil Ta Jia, they were all enemies! Even these celestials don't want Qing Lin to awaken; they'd rather have the ancient devil occupy the body.

However, the ancient devil was someone they had to kill!

Qing Lin's famous was enough to shock the remnant celestials. Even the Celestial Lord who was leading the charge used to be very respectful before Qing Lin. He didn't dare to have the slightest thought of rebelling.

However, these celestials had been worshiped for countless years due to the Cultivation Alliance, and none of them were willing to give up what they had and go back to the past.

As a result, they didn't want Qing Lin to awaken! The ancient devil had to die!

"Set formation!" The moment they charged into the Demon Spirit Land, the former Celestial Lord let out a roar. The Alliance cultivators quickly formed seals. As endless origin energy filled the sky, nine giant, shiny swords appeared!

These nine giant swords floated in the air and surrounded the 50 kilometer area.

"Dao Refinement!" countless Alliance cultivators shouted at the same time, and these words echoed like rumbling thunder. The formation activated, and at this instant, the 50 kilometer area was shrouded in endless sword light.

The numerous celestials rushed out and charged at the people below. Most of them were after the black mist the ancient devil and the old man were in.

Another group went directly after the All-Seer!

In an instant, everything fell into chaos.

However, at the moment of chaos, the monstrous blue light came from Wang Lin's right eye. The pillar the All-Seer had made began to collapse, and the blue light pierced through it

When the blue light pierced through, the pillar collapsed into a pile of rubble. A thick layer of dust was kicked up and everyone on the pillar dispersed.

Wang Lin jumped into the air and charged at the All-Seer.

The sudden appearance of the Cultivation Alliance and Wang Lin's spell caught the All-Seer's attention. His expression became extremely gloomy as he used the trident to knock away Mu Bingmei. He shouted, "Since you're looking for death, I'll grant your wish!"

Mu Bingmei hesitated for a moment, but at then Wang Lin's cold voice echoed. "I don't need your help!!! As for the pill from before, I'll find ways to repay you several fold! As for saving my life, I'll also repay it several fold!!"

Mu Bingmei's expression immediately became pale as she silently retreated. She bit her lower lip until it bled. She stared at Wang Lin and shouted, "I want to see him!!!" Her voice was filled with sadness. This was her strongest desire in her heart. It had echoed in her mind for countless years, and she still felt very complex about it.

This he was someone no outsider could know or understand. However, Wang Lin's body trembled. How could he not know? This "he" was… Wang Ping!

The mention of Wang Ping caused Wang Lin's heart to feel intense pain. If you didn't personally experience it, it would be impossible to understand!

"You're not qualified!!" Wang Lin's heart stung as he charged at the All-Seer.

Mu Bingmei let out a miserable smile. She wanted to say something, but she couldn't utter a word. When the celestials of the Cultivation Allianced closed in, Mu Bingmei stared at them with a cold gaze.

The anger from the complex emotions in her heart was vented on the celestials. She charged at the celestials with the short sword in her hand.

Ignoring her for now, Wang Lin flew directly at the All-Seer. The blue light from his right eye was like a sun that lit up the world. This made his body give off an indescribable sense of majesty.

The All-Seer, holding the trident, had a feeling of fear. The blue light contained a spell he couldn't see through.

"This is…"

"All-Seer, our battle is now over!" Wang Lin let out a roar as the blue light shined from his right eye and the azure light shield appeared. The azure light shield had already split in half, but at this moment, the halves fused together. Then it unexpectedly shattered into countless specks of light that surrounded the area.

At this instant, the All-Seer's heart trembled and an unknown sense of danger filled his mind. This kind of danger was extremely rare for him, but it was so strong that it made him suck in a breath of cold air. He didn't hesitate to reach toward between his eyebrows left hand, and he mercilessly ripped!

The second seal between his eyebrows was half-ripped open by him!

Before he could finish tearing, a huge palm descended from the sky. The speed of the palm was beyond imagination. It formed into a fist and smashed into the All-Seer's body.

The thunderous rumbles continued to echo and the earth shook violently. After the large fist, a pair of large fists landed on the ground with a thud.

At the same time, an unimaginable change appeared in the space above the Demon Spirit Land. The sky rumbled loudly and a huge vortex appeared and rotated rapidly.

This vortex was very large and boundless. All of the planets within the area were included in the vortex. Various realistic scenes began to appear.

There were many majestic building. These buildings were very simple, but they looked very ancient. This was a blood red land with only these boundless buildings. It was like nothing but these buildings that supported the world existed.

Just at this moment, a giant foot descended from the sky and landed on the ground. The moment the foot landed, the earth shattered and a thunderous rumble echoed.

The foot landed on a building and caused it to immediately collapse into a pile of rubble. At the same time, an earth-shattering roar that echoed across the void could be heard.

Within the very realistic scene inside the vortex, the owner of that foot was a huge giant!

It was an ancient god! An 8-star ancient god!

If that was it, it wouldn't be too shocking, but next to the 8-star ancient god, there were nearly 100 more giants of equal size!

These almost 100 giant were all 8-star ancient gods!!

Further away stood an even larger figure. The 8-star ancient gods simply couldn't compare to this figure. It was like ant compared to an elephant, but even this doesn't describe how large this figure was!

Even further away, there was a monstrous surge of demonic energy, and ancient demons appeared from within the demonic energy. The endless demonic energy flooded across the world as their roars and shouts echoed.

In another direction, there was heaven-shaking devilish energy, and ancient devils charged with crazed bloodthirst in their eyes!

This was a large battle between the three Ancient Order clans!

On the ground, there were countless qi refiner cultivators, but they were far more powerful than any cultivator today. They were grouped by families, and each one had various tattoos between their eyebrows. They began a crazed slaughter!

This battlefield was simply too big. The vortex among the stars only displayed a corner of the battle!

Everyone in the Demon Spirit Land suddenly noticed that the Demon Spirit Land disappeared...

Everything before them had disappeared and they had appeared within the battlefield. The surrounding scene was terrifyingly realistic!

However, there were obviously people who didn't believe it and thought it was all an illusion. Although shocked, a celestial from the Alliance looked at it with eyes filled with disdain. A shadow suddenly hovered over him and an ancient god's foot mercilessly stomped down.

He didn't even dodge, and in the blink of an eye, the right foot came crashing down, causing the earth to tremble. When the foot lifted, the celestial was gone, leaving only a splat of blood and flesh. His origin soul had also collapsed!!

This scene caused everyone to suck in a breath of cold air. At this moment, a giant bird 10,000 feet large let out a ferocious hiss and flew over.

A thunderous rumble echoed when the bird flew by, and its wings were like blades. It swept across the Alliance cultivators who formed the formation, and hundreds of them were split in half. Blood sprayed everywhere...

"Dream… Dream of Ancient Times!!" The ancient devil, the old man, and the celestials fighting suddenly stopped and stared dumbfoundedly at this.

When Ancient Devil Ta Jia saw all of this, fear appeared in his eyes.

"Primordial times!! Could this be a primordial battlefield?" The old man from the Brilliant Void Realm gasped.

This was the life-saving treasure that the 8-star ancient god had left in the azure light shield. The life-saving spell of an 8-star ancient god couldn't be simple!

The dream of the ancient god, dream of ancient times!

At this moment, the earth trembled even more violently. The nearly 100 ancient gods walked on the earth and began charging toward everyone!

The ancient devil clan and the ancient demon clan also roared as they rushed over. It seemed the location everyone was at was the center of the battle!

The impossible large figure that was behind the hundred ancient gods also raised its foot...
