Chapter 1099 – Outsider

This broken sword was completely red, and the moment it appeared, a monstrous slaughter energy appeared. This slaughter energy was so powerful that it immediately charged out of the planet. Even the flames around the planet paused and were pushed aside by this slaughter energy.

This broken sword was the root of grey-robed All-Seer's slaughter energy. After the battle at the Demon Spirit Land, the broken half had stayed in Wang Lin's body. During these three years, while he healed and cultivated, he had also been slowly refining his sword. The part that was in his origin soul had already dissipated, leaving only this broken sword in his body.

"After three years of refining this, I've gained some basic understanding. Once I refine this, I can cultivate the Celestial Slaughter Art without any issue. There will be no danger of blowing up once I reach 1 million strands of slaughter energy."

Wang Lin still couldn't forget this slaughter energy. After all, he had cultivated it for many years and had gotten very far. At that time, it was with the help of Ancient Demon Bei Lou that he understood the harm of the Celestial Slaughter Art.

If he had continued cultivating it, his body would have collapsed and become a real strand of slaughter energy. He would've become something that belonged to grey-robed All-Seer.

In the end, he had to give it up, but he also felt regret. However, at this moment, this regret disappeared as he stared at the broken, red sword. Wang Lin's right eye lit up and a sea of flames suddenly appeared. The flames surrounded the broken sword and slowly burned it.

As the sword burned, Wang Lin's right hand formed a seal and pointed to between his eyebrows. His ancient thunder dragon origin soul flew out from between his eyebrows and spat out a mouthful of essence origin energy.

Wang Lin's second origin soul formed by the Nine Mysterious Transformation also opened his eyes and spat out another mouthful of essence origin energy.

As a result, the fire and thunder essence origin energy appeared. The moment it got near the flames around the sword, the flames became even more intense, as if hot oil had been thrown in.

A thunderous rumble echoed endlessly. The edges of the broken sword began to show signs of melting, but just at this moment, cold slaughter energy appeared to resist the flames.

Wang Lin wasn't unfamiliar with this phenomenon, as this always happened when he refined this sword before. However, Wang Lin didn't have time to waste today; he had refine this sword to become his. Then he would be able to cultivate the Celestial Slaughter Art again, as it was a very powerful defensive spell.

If it was before he finished the first transformation, Wang Lin wouldn't be confident, but right now he was 70% confident!

He withdrew his gaze from the broken sword he was refining, took a deep breath, and both his hands formed a seal. The flame in his right eye became even stronger, as if it would light up the heavens. Wang Lin pointed up at the sky, and his second origin soul did the same. At this moment, an unimaginably powerful fire suddenly came out of Wang Lin's origin soul. It came out through Wang Lin's right hand and formed a sea of flames in the sky.

"Flames, gather!" Wang Lin's voice was low. The moment he spoke, all the fire origin energy on the planet he was on trembled and gathered toward him.

Not was only the cultivation planet like this, even the burning star field was the same. When a large amount of fire origin energy had gathered, Wang Lin pointed at the broken sword. The gathered fire origin energy shot toward the broken sword, and the speed at which the broken sword melted increased several fold.

However, similarly, the slaughter energy coming out from the broken sword increased to resist the flame.

Wang Lin stared at the broken sword for a moment and his right eye flashed. The second origin soul inside the ancient thunder dragon origin soul rushed out. It came out from Wang Lin's right eye and pounced at the broken sword.

At this instant, Wang Lin made a seal with his hands and spat something out. It was the 18 Hell Celestial Sealing Stamp!

"Magic Arsenal, Master Void, All-Seer, appear!" After Wang Lin spoke, he waved his right hand and specks of light surrounded the 18 Hell Celestial Sealing Stamp. The specks of light soon gathered and formed the figures of two soul!

It was Master Void and the All-Seer formed by the fusion of the two avatars!

The moment the two trapped souls appeared, they pounced at the broken sword. They circled the broken sword with Wang Lin's second origin soul to help refine it! At the same time, Wang Lin raised his left hand and pressed down on the volcano. The volcano began to rumble, and the black smoke intensified and a heat wave suddenly rushed out from inside the volcano.

Red lava also came out with the heat wave. However, with a wave of his left hand, the magma flowed like water and surrounded the broken sword. It formed a ball of magma 100 feet wide, causing the temperature inside to become even higher.

This time, Wang Lin was willing to pay any cost to completely refine this slaughter sword from grey-robed All-Seer. He was using his second origin soul, Master Void, All-Seer, the fire origin energy of the world, and finally this lava to form a shell to speed up the refining process.

Wang Lin was below the 100 feet ball as he controlled the fire origin energy to enter the ball. Time slowly passed, and soon it had been 12 hours since he started.

Wang Lin couldn't last long using this intense refining method. If it went on for too long, not only would Wang Lin's origin energy not be able to handle it, he would also consume the celestial origin energy he had gained from devouring those dozens of celestials.

After 12 hours had passed, Wang Lin's eyes shined brightly and he let out a roar. He waved his hand and the ball of magma shattered into countless pieces of burning debris. At this moment, the broken sword could no longer resist the intense heat, so it melted completely. Wang Lin's second origin soul devoured the melted sword and returned to Wang Lin's body.

Master Void and the All-Seer's souls also returned to the 18 Hell Celestial Sealing Stamp.

Wang Lin closed his eyes and cultivated for a bit. A red sword slowly condensed before his second origin soul. It gave off powerful slaughter energy, and with just a thought, the slaughter energy would rush out.

"It's a pity that refining this sword has consumed so much of the slaughter energy it had. There are less than 1 million strands of slaughter energy remaining… I will need to continue to cultivate it and add more." Wang Lin opened his eyes and let out a deep breath. Then he slapped his bag of holding, causing a black light to fly out, and it turned into a trident before Wang Lin.

Wang Lin stared at the trident, but just at this moment, his expression changed and he looked up. Guilt and sadness immediately appeared in Wang Lin's eyes.

"I still have to give him an explanation about this matter…" Wang Lin let out a sigh as he put the trident away and disappeared.

There was another planet not far away from the planet Wang Lin was on. This was also one of the Vermillion Bird Divine Sect's main planets. This planet had numerous fiery red mountains and was very beautiful.

At this moment, there was a woman kneeling on the highest peak of the planet. She was very beautiful, but she had a bitter expression, and she remained motionless while kneeling.

Before her was a black stone carving of Wang Lin. Behind the statue was the entrance to a cave, and it was pitch black inside.

There was a youth in black sitting next to the statue. This youth had a cold expression. He didn't even look at the woman and calmly cultivated.

"I beg you let me go in…" The woman's eyes were filled with tears as she spoke to the man in black.

The youth in black opened his eyes and coldly said, "No!"

The woman's body trembled and she was about to speak, but just at this moment, a sigh echoed across the sky. Ripples appeared on the peak of the mountain and Wang Lin stepped out.

As soon as Wang Lin appeared, the youth in black became excited and respectful. He got up and said, "Thirteen greets Master."

When the woman saw Wang Lin, her expression became even more bitter, but she didn't speak.

Wang Lin nodded at Thirteen and gently said to the woman, "Ling Er, take me to meet your great grandfather."

"Great Grandpa, he… he won't last much longer." Tears flowed down from Ling Er's eyes.

The guilt in Wang Lin's eyes became even stronger as he waved his sleeves and he disappeared with Ling Er. After he left, a pair of eyes lit up within the cave at the top of the mountain.

Wang Lin's original body opened his eyes and also revealed guilt. The Star-Marked Sable was on his shoulder, and it would occasionally lick Wang Lin's neck.

No saw that Wang Lin was sitting on bones. It was an eerie sight...

A white-haired old man who looked very old was drinking wine on the wall of a city in the Vermillion Bird Divine Sect. There was a look of madness in his eyes.

"Second Brother, Third Brother, big brother has wronged both of you. I'm sorry…" The old man poured wine into his mouth, allowing the wine flow out from the corner of his mouth and fuse with his tears.

He was drinking his wine and tears. Due to the mixture of tears, the wine was no longer sweet, but deeply bitter. Along with the bitterness in his heart, rather than saying he was drinking wine, it was more like he was drinking his own tears.

A ripple appeared behind him and Wang Lin and Ling Er appeared. When Ling Er saw the old man's appearance, even more tears appeared in her eyes. She was about to go take the wine from the old man, but she was stopped by Wang Lin.

Wang Lin let out a sigh as he walked next to the old man. He sat down on the wall, casually picked up a wine jug, and also took a big gulp.

At this moment, in the center part of the Alliance Star System, where the Alliance forces were, a group of dozens of mosquito beasts passed by. Their eyes were completely red, and an aroma that only the mosquito beasts could smell spread. It was as if these mosquito beasts were being controlled by this fragrance...

There were three young men wearing yellow before them. They were each holding a strange incense while carefully luring this herd of mosquito beasts.

One of them spoke while greed filled his eyes. "I didn't think this Alliance Star System would have giant mosquito beasts! If the three of us bring these giant mosquito beasts to meet with the elder, we will be rewarded greatly!"

His way of speaking was a bit difference from people of the Alliance, as if he came from outside the Alliance Star System.
