Chapter 258 – Trashing Sects

Wang Lin faintly smiled and said, “Senior, we haven’t meet in seven years and you are still the same.”

The strange expression on the old man’s face became even stranger. He stared at Wang Lin for a long time before letting out a sigh. There was a hint of praise in his eyes as he said, “You turned into a mortal… you really turned into a mortal!”

Wang Lin picked up the jug from the stove, poured a cup, drank it, and said, “Junior is only struggling in the mortal. How could I be as relaxed as senior, who is enjoying playing in the mortal world?”

The old man took a deep breath. He took the wine jug, poured a cup, and said, “I have seen many Spirit Forming cultivators, but you are the first to be able to turn into a mortal in six years.”

Wang Lin didn’t speak. His heart didn’t waver as he let out a faint smile and watched the performance.

The old man stared at Wang Lin. After a long time, the praise in his eyes became even stronger. “It is not that the flesh and blood is similar, but the soul is. Young man, if you can experience a domain, then I can promise that you will reach the Soul Formation stage within 100 years,” said the old man.

Wang Lin turned his head, took a drink, and asked, “What is domain?”

The old man was about to speak when his eyes suddenly turned. He said, “Look, I’m already old. When I get hungry, I can’t remember anything.”

Wang Lin seriously looked at the old man and smiled. “Senior, you can take your time enjoying the performance. Junior will leave first.” With that, he stood up and left the inn.

The old man was startled. Suddenly, his eyes lit up and he muttered, “Interesting.”

Wang Lin carried the jug and slowly walked down the street while stepping on leaves. He returned to the shop, opened the door, and walked in.

After he took one step inside, he heard the old man’s voice say, “Not bad. So you spent six years turning into a mortal here.”

The old man mysteriously appeared behind Wang Lin and entered the shop with him. He looked around and his eyes gradually revealed a look of surprise.

Wang Lin wasn’t surprised at the expression the old man made. He sat down and continued drinking wine while watching the old man.

“Dragon, Flame Spider, Heaven Noise Beast, Zhong Gu, Eight Claw Blade Beast, Ti Lun… tsk tsk. Not bad, young man. You managed to bring most of the beasts from the Sea of Devils here.” The more the old man looked, the more surprised his expression became. Finally, his gaze landed on a wooden box in the corner of the room. He waved his hand and all of the carvings inside that box flew out one by one.

These carving were all incomplete products.

The moment the old man saw these incomplete products, his eyes became serious. He carefully looked at each one before taking a deep breath. He then looked at Wang Lin and slowly said, “I really underestimated you. I never would have thought you have had such experiences. You wouldn’t have been able to make these carvings of Soul Formation Cultivators or Desolate Beasts unless you have personally fought them.”

Wang Lin faintly smiled. He didn’t say anything. He only quietly drank his wine. It was as if what the old man said had nothing to do with him.

After pondering for a while, the old man put down the carving he was holding. He turned toward Wang Lin and asked, “What is your name?”

Wang Lin blandly answered, “Wang Lin.”

The old man nodded. He waved his right hand and his aura completely changed from an old man’s to someone with a very commanding presence. Although his appearance hadn’t changed at all and there was no spiritual energy coming from his body, he suddenly became very mysterious and hard to see through.

The spiritual energy in Wang Lin’s body moved due to the stimulation and his eyes lit up. At that moment, Wang Lin couldn’t see through this old man’s cultivation. The light quickly disappeared from his eyes as he took a sip of wine and said, “Senior, my old house really can’t withstand your power. Please restrain yourself.”

The old man snorted. “Kid, experience it for a bit. This is a domain!”

With that, the aura around him suddenly moved and a sense of rage surged through the shop. What was odd was that not a single tile of the building was damaged and none of the aura left the room.

At that moment, the inside and outside of the shop were like two worlds cut off from each other.

This aura of rage spread into the surroundings and Wang Lin’s spiritual energy involuntarily started to resist this aura. As soon as his spiritual energy started to move, it was pulled by this raging aura. It was instantly assimilated by the raging aura and became very violent as well.

Under this raging aura, a trace of terror appeared in Wang Lin’s eyes. The spiritual energy inside his body no longer listened to him. He even had a feeling that his own Nascent Soul had been assimilated by this raging aura. At that moment, it felt as if his 400 years of hard work had become a tool for the old man to attack him with.

“This is my Raging Domain. I used this domain back then to reach the Soul Formation stage. Under this domain, all spiritual energy is assimilated by my domain and is controlled by me.” There was a sliver of madness inside the old man’s voice. After he glanced at Wang Lin, the domain disappeared. It was as if the domain had never been there at all.

In these short few breaths, Wang Lin became covered in cold sweat. His hands were still shaking as he grabbed the jug and took a big gulp of wine. It took a long time before the spiritual energy in his body settled down.

Wang Lin pondered for a while, then asked, “Why have none of the Soul Formation cultivators I met before displayed this kind of domain?”

The old man was startled. He scratched his head and embarrassingly said, “This… I forgot. Also, I lowered my cultivation level to Soul Formation, but still used the Soul Transformation stage to activate the domain, so it was a little too powerful…. In truth, Soul Formation cultivators aren’t able to display their domain like that because only a sliver of their domains are present in their techniques, so their domains are not detectable. Hehe, sorry.”

Wang Lin wryly smiled and looked the old man. He muttered to himself, “Domain…this is domain…”

The old man’s eyes turned. He revealed a shifty look on his face and whispered, “Turning into a mortal to experience your own domain and using that domain to break past the Nascent Soul stage into the Soul Formation stage. This is something every cultivator must experience when they wish to break past the Nascent Soul stage. Kid, do you want to experience other people’s domains? This is very beneficial to you.”

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. It has to be said that although experiencing other Soul Formation cultivators’ domains was very dangerous, the benefit was very large.

He looked at the old man. He didn’t immediately agree. He slowly asked, “What price do I need to pay?”

The old man’s eyes narrowed. He hit his chest and said, “Price? There is no price that needs to be paid. With me around to protect you in this rank 4 cultivation country, we can walk side ways and it would be fine.”

Wang Lin didn’t say a word, but silently looked at the old man.

Gradually, the old man scratched his head in embarrassment and said, “This… I can tell that these carvings are pretty good…this…”

Wang Lin decisively said, “Ok, I can give all of these to you.”

The old man rolled his eyes. He angrily hit his chest and said, “What would I want your low quality magic treasures for? Only those half finished carvings are worth looking at, but I have no use for them. So, let me say it directly: look at how handsome, bright, and dominating I am. Does your heart not move? Don’t you think I make a very good model for a carving?”

When the old man started speaking, his face was a little red, but the more he spoke, the more excited he became. He even puffed out his chest and hit it.

Wang Lin was startled. He nodded and said, “Okay, but my cultivation level is currently not high enough. Only after I reach the Soul Formation stage can I make your carving perfect.

The old man immediately became happy and quickly said, “There is no rush, there is no rush. You must make it perfect. Oh… I want nude a carving, so you must make my carving perfect. That’s it, gotta make more than one. 100! Yes, 100!”

The old man was immersed in his fantasy. He thought that the next time he goes to the brothel or meets a beautiful woman, he would give them a carving of himself and then they would remember him for the rest of their lives.

He especially thought of all the beautiful women holding a carving of himself. He became very excited at all these beautiful images in his mind. The more he looked at Wang Lin, the more pleased he became. He grabbed toward Wang Lin and moved. In the blink of an eye, the two of them disappeared from the shop.

When they reappeared, they were already in the clouds 100,000 plus kilometers away from the capital.

Wang Lin spread out his divine sense and was terrified in his heart. He estimated that they had traveled 100,000 kilometers. This power was too terrifying. It caused the hairs on his body to stand up.

It has to be said that late stage Nascent Soul cultivators can only teleport 1,000 kilometers away. Although he didn’t know how far late stage Soul Formation cultivations could teleport, it couldn’t possibly be 100,000 kilometers.

Under Wang Lin’s analysis, not even Soul Transformation cultivators could easily teleport this far. More importantly, this old man carried him as well. As a result, Wang Lin dreaded this old man even more.

The old man was currently panting. Even for him, traveling 100,000 kilometers was not an easy task. However, when he saw Wang Lin’s shocked face, he proudly raised his chin, pretending to be regretful, and said, “Alas, I’m old and my body is a lot worse than it used to be. This teleportation only moved us a mere 100,000 kilometers. I’m ashamed.” Although the old man said this, even a mortal passing by could’ve seen the intense pride on his face.

Wang Lin silently pondered.

After a long time, the old man was still panting heavily. The pride on his face gradually disappeared as he angrily asked, “Kid, have you seen anyone teleport this distance before?”

Wang Lin calmly said, “Never.”

“After seeing how powerful I am, you don’t even let out a fart?” The old man’s eyes widened. It was like he used all his strength to drink milk in a brothel and this kid had no reaction at all.

Wang Lin looked looked at the old man with a strange expression and said, “Senior’s cultivation is something junior has never seen before. I admire you!”

The old man snorted and boasted, “If there is an opportunity, I’ll give you a chance to experience a one million kilometer teleportation.” With that, he pointed at the air in the distance and said, “That is the White Cloud Sect. Let’s go, this old man will take you to go trash that sect.”
