Chapter 44 – Li Shan

Wang Lin pondered for a while and said, “What plans do you have? Do you need my help for anything?”

Wang Hao sighed and said, “You are only at the 3rd layer. You can’t help me because Lu Yunjie is already at the 6th layer. Also, because he can produce pills, he is loved by the elders. I have already given up hope. Wang Lin, in these few years at the Heng Yue Sect, you are my only friend and my big brother. If you become stronger in the future, you have to avenge me!” Wang Hao tightened his fists after he finished speaking.

Wang Lin stared at Wang Hao and nodded.

Wang Hao bitterly smiled and said, “Brother Tie Zhu, did you need me for something? While I’m still alive, I’ll help you as much as I can. Do you want some Qi Gathering pills? I have a lot of them.”

Wang Lin looked at Wang Hao. He gave up on asking Wang Hao for the materials he needed and shook his head. He wanted to help Wang Hao, but the enemy was at the 6th layer. Wang Lin was not confident at all.

Although his divine sense was different from others’ and he had practiced the attraction technique for more than 20 years, he had never fought with any other human, so he couldn’t say for sure how strong he was.

Wang Hao saw that Wang Lin stayed silent. He bitterly patted his clothes and said, “Brother Tie Zhu, you have more talent than I do. Thinking back to when we were taking the test, it feels like a dream. Time passes by too quickly….” Wang Hao sighed and turned to leave with a gloomy expression. He slowly disappeared from Wang Lin’s view.

“In this cultivation world, the strong prey on the weak….” Wang Lin pondered this deeply in his heart as he stared at the sky.

At that moment, Wang Lin had an epiphany.

The so called epiphany wasn’t one where he suddenly gained understanding and his cultivation suddenly increased, but more like knowledge being poured into one’s brain. What was increased here wasn’t one’s cultivation or soul, but one’s understanding of heaven and earth.

Realizing the cruel nature of the cultivation world was his epiphany. To be a cultivator, one must have the attitude of a cultivator.

Wang Lin mumbled as he let out a sigh, “Is the strong preying on the weak really the mentality a cultivator must have?”

His body moved and he disappeared from where he was.

When he was on his way back to the herb garden, Wang Lin’s expression suddenly changed as he looked at the guest rooms that the Xuan Dao Sect disciples were staying at and thoughtfully walked toward it.

Before he even entered, he heard an exaggerated voice from inside.

“I have to say, brothers of the Heng Yue Sect, this flying sword I have is one of the peerless treasures of the Xuan Dao Sect. It is called the Noon Money Sword. You guys ask around yourselves to know how much trouble I spent stealing this sword. If any of you wants to buy this, then you have to make a vow to not use this in the exchange in 3 days, or I’m not selling it.”

Someone immediately asked, with doubt, “Is this treasure really as amazing as you say it is?”

“I, Li Shan, would never lie. If you guys don’t believe me, then forget it. I can sell this flying sword anywhere.”

Wang Lin already found this place to be unusual, as a lot of disciples from both sects were gathered here. When he walked closer, he saw a 20 something year old disciple of the Xuan Dao Sect holding a sword made of coins that was glowing blue, talking bombastically about the sword.

The Xuan Dao Sect disciples in the surroundings all had weird expressions on their faces. One of them couldn’t stand it anymore. He coughed and said, “What Junior Brother Li Shan said is correct. This Noon Money Sword is indeed a treasure of our Xuan Dao Sect, but I have to say that the one in Junior Brother Li Shan’s hand is a fake. However, it still has some uses.”

The Heng Yue Sect disciples talked among themselves. Then, a 5th layer disciple walked forward. Wang Lin remembered that this disciple was named Zhao. Disciple Zhao walked up to Li Shan and they talked among themselves until they made an exchange, both with smiles on their faces.

Among the inner disciples, there were people who knew about the sword and mockingly said, “It is just a simple iron sword with some broken spirit gold and someone dared to try to sell it? It seems the Xuan Dao Sect is worth only so much.”

Li Shan immediately retorted, “What this brother said is incorrect. My elder apprentice-brother even said that this was a fake, but your Heng Yue Sect still had someone who bought it. This type of thing is best to buy for the sake of novelty.”

The Heng Yue Sect disciple who bought the sword laughed and said, “Brother Li Shan, what you said is wrong. I didn’t buy this sword to collect, but to give it to my dad. My family raises pigs, so this sword would be perfect for killing pigs.”

Li Shan didn’t get mad and said, smiling, “Since you already bought it, I don’t care what you do with it. Ok, I still have another treasure. It’s called the invincible dark stinking thunderball! This thing really is a treasure. I’m not lying. We can even do a live test.”

With that, he took out a black ball and threw it at a wall. With a boom, cracks appeared on the wall. There was a dark mist on the spot the ball hit and it emitted a foul odor.

Li Shan said, with a proud and smiling face, “How is it? This invincible dark stinking thunderball is my own personal hidden weapon. Although the power isn’t strong, if it lands on someone, this sludge is something even I can’t wash off. Especially the smell, it’s something I made after gathering dozens of beasts. Anyone would be disgusted by it.”

Everyone was stunned and stared at each other with their mouths wide open. A few of the female disciples pinched their noses and took a few steps back. Wang Lin was also surprised. He sent out his divine sense and his expression suddenly turned strange.

The disciples of the Xuan Dao Sect all felt really awkward, but Li Shan was known in the Xuan Dao Sect for making weird things. No one dared to mess with him because no one wanted to get hit by one of those stink bombs.

The invincible black sludge stink bomb was really famous in the Xuan Dao Sect. Secretly, it could almost match one of the sect’s real treasures.

“So how was it? This time, I’m showing you all hidden my ace, but I still have to say the same thing I said before; you can’t use it in the exchange in 3 days, or I won’t sell it to you.” Li Shan revealed a serious expression, but secretly laughed in his heart, “You silly brats, the more I say you mustn’t use it, the more likely you guys will use it in the exchange. Hehe, there will be a good show to see. The elders will definitely praise me and even give me a few magical treasures.”

With that, his eyes lit up and he began to shout.
