Chapter 50 – Exchange (4)

“He is Lu Song. I heard from the elders that he is the number one genius in the Heng Yue Sect! Xuan Dao Sect is going to lose for sure!”

“5th senior bother, go! I will follow your example!”

The Heng Yue Sect disciples all cheered with excitement. All of the confidence they lost from the first two losses had started to come back. Some of the female disciples became love struck and felt dependent on Lu Song.

Huang Long also smiled faintly. He thought that since Lu Song had come out this time, he would win this round for sure.

Wang Zhuo jealously looked at Lu Song and softly snorted.

Even the Xuan Dao Sect disciples were filled with shock. Lu Song’s fame was something they had heard of as they grew up in the past 20 years. Although Lu Song ultimately lost in the exchange, he still left a deep impression in the elders’ minds.

Elder Ouyang’s face darkened. He said, “Xu Mu, I’ll allow you to remove ancestor’s seal to use your full power.”

Xu Mu’s expression became serious. He opened up his shirt and revealed a yellow talisman on his chest.

The elders of the Heng Yue Sect were stunned. After carefully looking at the talisman, they all revealed shocked expressions.

Huang Long asked, “Friend Ouyang, this talisman…”

Elder Ouyang’s eyes lit up. He indifferently said, “Huang Long, this is something that I’ll explain to you at another time. In this exchange today, I’ll add another condition. If our Xuan Dao Sect wins this time, you have to lend us the Heng Yue Mountain for 500 years!”

Everyone’s expressions changed. Huang Long narrowed his eyes and said, “Are you joking, friend Ouyang?”

Elder Ouyang shook his head. He said, “Huang Long, as you can see, this talisman can’t be created by someone not of the Nascent Soul stage. To tell you the truth, an ancestor of the Xuan Dao Sect returned from the battlefield of a rank 4 country and told me that all of the ancestors of the Heng Yue Sect have died!”

Huang Long’s expression changed. After pondering for a long time, he said, “Elder Ouyang, stop this nonsense, otherwise, don’t blame the Heng Yue Sect for not showing mercy!”

Elder Ouyang smiled and said, “Our Xuan Dao Sect hasn’t take this mountain by force yet because of our friendship, so we will give you guys a fair chance in this exchange. If the Heng Yue Sect wins this time, then we will leave you guys be. I already passed my message. Huang Long, let us continue this exchange.”

The inner disciples of the Heng Yue Sect were all confused, but all of them felt giant rocks weighing down their hearts. Even the sky felt like it had darkened.

Wang Lin was alarmed. It seemed that what Situ Nan said was true. The cultivation world really was separated by ranks.

Sun Dazhu’s face was pale and his eyes were dull. He muttered to himself, “Over…it’s all over… all of the Heng Yue Sect’s ancestors are dead. Before, we could at least rely on the ancestors to intimidate the other sects and barely hold on, but now that the ancestors are dead, it’s all over. Damn it, if it wasn’t for the rank 4 countries invading 500 years ago to steal the dragon star and resulting in the country calling away all its Nascent Soul cultivators, the Heng Yue Sect wouldn’t be in the state it’s in now.”

Huang Long saw his fellow brothers’ and inner disciples’ uneasiness. He suppressed the unrest in his heart and shouted, “Everyone in the Heng Yue Sect, stop panicking. Whether this is true or not will be checked by the Core Formation elder. What are you all worrying about? Lu Song, continue the exchange!”

Lu Song, who was on the stage, was also shocked by Ouyang’s words, but he regained his composure. He opened his mouth and spat out a purple fog. The fog grew until it became a giant hand and grabbed toward Xu Mu.

Xu Mu’s expression slightly changed. He didn’t say a word and slammed his bag of holding. Six golden balls flew out and went toward the hand. Lu Song coldly smiled. His hand formed a seal and the giant hand waved in the air, causing an evil wind that moved the golden balls off course.

This evil wind also caused the spiritual energy in Xu Mu’s body to go out of control. He quickly shouted, “Explode!”

The six golden balls simultaneously exploded. The explosion released shock waves that blew all of the audience back a bit.

Lu Song snorted and mocked, “A small trick!” The giant hand formed a fist. Ignoring the explosion, the fist quickly slammed down.

Xu Mu’s face was pale. Seeing that the hand was about to land on him, he clenched his teeth and took out a yellow talisman. The talisman looked plain. Xu Mu bit his tongue and sprayed out some blood.

The blood mist in the air quickly transformed into liquid and formed a blood dragon. Xu Mu didn’t bat an eye and formed a seal with his hand. The blood dragon twisted and turned. It formed into a strange image that imprinted onto the talisman.

The yellow talisman suddenly started to glow a glaring light, as if it were a small sun. The fist dissipated in front of everyone’s eyes.

After Wang Lin saw this, he was shocked. He had one of those talismans as well.

“It is a magic talisman!” Lu Song frowned. He waved his sleeves and two white dragons flew out. The white dragons flew around once and charged at Xu Mu at lightning speed.

Xu Mu let out a pitiful laugh. He used all of his energy to resist the giant fist that came down on him. He had no energy to stop those two white dragons at all.

Seeing that the two white dragons were already showing their ferocious teeth at the most dangerous moment, a cold snort came from the Xuan Dao Sect disciples.

Shortly after, a black rainbow shot out from the Xuan Dao Sect and easily surrounded the two white dragons. With a cracking sound, the two white dragons quickly disappeared and turned into two silver swords. The black rainbow tightened again and broke the two swords in half.

Lu Song’s expression suddenly changed. The flying swords linked to his soul were broken, which caused him to cough out a mouthful of blood. His face revealed a horrified expression. The giant hand above Xu Mu’s head dissipated as well, since Lu Song couldn’t keep his concentration.

Xu Mu quickly left with the yellow talisman with the look of him getting lucky today. Lu Song also walked off the stage with a bleak expression.

Huang Long’s face sank. He shouted, “Xuan Dao Sect, don’t go too far!” The elders beside him also became enraged. Some of the more ill tempered elders already took out their treasures, ready to fight.

The inner disciples also saw what was going out and became angry. The remaining two yellow clothed disciples all looked at the middle aged man standing in the back of the Xuan Dao Sect.

It was him who let out that cold snort earlier.

Elder Ouyang turned back and looked at the middle aged man. He warily smiled and said, “This 3rd round is won by the Heng Yue Sect. As for what just happened, I…”

“Old man Ouyang, don’t say anymore pointless words. This Heng Yue Sect is only mediocre!” The middle aged man standing in the back slowly walked forward. As he took a step, the ground suddenly split and the crack extended all the way to the stage.
