Chapter 64 – Sect Scatters

The dragon roared at Pun Nanzi and attacked him.

Pun Nanzi sneered. He flicked the sword and said, “Animal, restrain yourself!”

The dragon’s body shook and immediately lost its will. It reluctantly returned back into the sword. The sword stopped glowing.

Liu Wenju and the old woman looked at each other and let out a sigh. She said, “Fine. All Heng Yue Sect disciples, listen to my order: follow me off the mountain.” With that, she took a look around and let out another sigh before floating up into the air.

Pun Nanzi narrowed his eyes and said, “My Xuan Dao Sect is going to recruit more disciples. If anyone wishes to join, they can stay here.”

The ten Foundation Building elders’ faces all turned strange. Besides the two who were next to the old woman, the other eight didn’t follow her.

Liu Wenju’s expression changed. He wanted to say something, but ended up staying silent. He let out another sigh, then shook his head and stood next to the old woman.

The old woman suppressed the anger in her heart and shouted, “Everyone has their own path. If anyone doesn’t want to follow us, I won’t force you.”

Among Haung Long’s generation, all of the elders hesitated and, in the end, besides Huang Long, Dao Xu, and the red faced elder, none of the other elders moved. Only those three moved and stood next to the two Core Formation elders.

Among the dozens of inner disciples, only about 10 or so flew next to the Core Formation elders. Wang Zhuo hesitated for a long time. He didn’t dare to look at Dao Xu as he raised his foot and put it down. Ultimately, he didn’t follow.

The female named Zhou hesitated for a while, but didn’t follow. As for the female named Xu, she saw that Wang Zhuo didn’t move, so she pulled back the step she took forward.

Wang Hao could already walk. He wrily smiled and said to Wang Lin, “Brother Tie Zhu, I’m not going to go anywhere. I plan on heading home and helping my dad. Don’t worry, brother Tie Zhu, I’ll take care of your family.”

Wang Lin hesitated. He had too many secrets and, if he joined the Xuan Dao Sect, there would be too many uncertain dangers, so, after pondering for a while, he started to move.

At that moment, Pun Nanzi’s eyes lit up as he stared at Wang Lin. He suddenly said, “Wang Lin, you stay!”

Wang Lin was stunned and respectfully said, “Senior Pun Nanzi, why do you want junior to stay?”

Pun Nanzi raised his head and said, “If I tell you to stay, you stay. What’s with all the questions?!”

Liu Wenju hesitated for a while and suddenly said, “Senior Pun Nanzi, this Wang Lin is my Heng Yue Sect’s head disciple, so I would like to request senior not to make it hard on him and let him leave with us.“ He had heard a few things about Wang Lin and also observed him for a bit. He was really unwilling to give up this future Foundation Building disciple.

Pun Nanzi grunted and said to Wang Lin, “The Heng Yue Sect only exist in name. Are you going to follow them as they drift around the world? If you join my Xuan Dao Sect, your future will be much brighter. You decide for yourself what you want. You wouldn’t want rumors to spread, would you? Rumors saying that my Xuan Dao Sect not only stole the mountain, but the disciples a well.

Pun Nanzi was confident that, unless this Wang Lin was retarded, he wouldn’t follow the Heng Yue Sect.

Wang Lin pondered a little. Without a word, he clasped his hands, rose into the air, and stood next to Huang Long.

Pun Nanzi’s eyes lit up. “Ungrateful brat!” he said.

Liu Wenju and the old woman gave Wang Lin thoughtful looks. They waited for a while longer, but after seeing all of the disciples of the Heng Yue Sect with their heads down, the old woman let out a sigh and said, “Fine, let’s go.”

With that, she flew off into the distance. The other ten or so people followed her with bitter expressions.

The people of the Heng Yue Sect followed the two Core Formation elders and flew away from the Heng Yue Sect like homeless dogs.

Along the way, no one said a word. Besides anger, they were filled with a sense of loss.

After flying for a long time, until the sky darkened, Liu Wenju and the old woman debated for a while, then landed on the side of a mountain.

The old woman let out a sigh. She looked at the people around her. Besides the two Foundation Building elders, everyone else was at the Qi Condensation stage. There were only four people from Huang Longs generation and 12 people from Wang Lin’s generation. She bitterly smiled and forced herself to calm down. She said, “You guys shouldn’t lose heart just because the Heng Yue Sect has met this disaster. Things always change in the cultivation world. Today, he stole the Heng Yue Mountain from us, but, once I and ancestor Liu reach Nascent Soul, we will be able to take it back!”

Among the two Foundation Building elders was elder Shang Guan, who observed Wang Lin in the main hall a few days ago. He let out a dry cough and said, “Ancestor Wang is correct. The more miserable we feel now, the higher our fighting spirit will be. We must carve this humiliation into our hearts. If we are successful in the future, we must take back the mountain!”

The other Foundation Building elder had a wide face and body. His face was filled with worry as he looked at the remaining disciples and said, “When disaster came, everyone flew in different directions. In the end, only you guys were willing to follow us from Heng Yue Sect.” he sighed.

Among the inner disciples that followed, aside from brother Zhang and Lu Song, Wang Lin didn’t know the names of any of them, but they looked familiar.

There was also a little fatty, which was the person he met outside the word pavilion.

Liu Wenju took a deep breath and said, with a serious expression, “There is no point in dwelling on the past. The most important thing right now is to find a place to house our sect. Many years ago, I built a house at a snake-like mountain thousands of kilometers from here. For now, let’s go live there.”

The old woman pondered for a while. She nodded and said, “That is good. Once we reach it, we must go into closed door training and reach Nascent Soul within 100 years.”

Liu Wenju’s gaze shifted. He said to the two Foundation Building elders, “Shang Guan and Song Yu, you two stand guard while I and ancestor Wang recover the spiritual energy used on maintaining the formation. Then, we can carry all of you to move faster.”

Shang Guan and Song Yu quickly did as they were told.

Liu Wenju took out a few pieces of green jade. He tossed them into the air and they began emit a green light. His hand formed a few seals and the green jade suddenly shook and created a dome of green light that covered everything within a 20 meters radius.

After that, he sat down cross legged and held a spirit stone in his hand and began to cultivate. The old woman did the same and began to cultivate to recover her spiritual energy.
