Chapter 84 – Stealing Foundation (4)

The countless layers of colorful defensive barriers were quickly broken through by the explosion like a sharp blade going through paper.

As for Wang Lin, because he was very far away and the zombie was mainly targeting Teng Li, the shock wave didn’t effect him much. When the waves arrived, he calmly took out a piece of jade and threw it in front of him. The jade immediately cracked and released a yellow gas that surrounded Wang Lin.

His eyes pierced through the yellow gas and locked on to Teng Li.

The shockwaves created by the explosion had started to weaken, but almost all of Teng Li’s defenses had been broken. When the last layer of defense broke down, Teng Li pointed his finger at the zombie, ordering his great sword to stop its attack. At the same time, Teng Li quickly backed up 50 meters.

He had already developed a deep fear of this zombie. If it wasn’t for the fact that he had so many treasures, he would have already died.

It has to be said that even though the zombie’s green core’s explosion wasn’t as strong as a normal core’s explosion, it still took Teng Li’s late stage Foundation Establishment cultivation with a ton of treasures to barely resist it.

He was completely terrified that the zombie would throw out another green core like that. He had already lost all his urge to kill Wang Lin and only wanted to escape.

Wang Lin had always been staring at Teng Li. He let out a faint smile as a cold light flashed across his eyes. He raised his right hand before him, put two of his fingers together, then gently pushed forward.

Suddenly, a green light flashed and Teng Li felt pain striking his back as he was backing up. He panicked and, without looking back, continued to retreat.

Wang Lin frowned. Teng Li’s almost broken armor managed to stop the sword from piercing through his flesh. Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. He bit the tip of his tongue and spat out some blood. The small green sword appeared in the blood and let out a loud sword hum, then quickly flew toward Teng Li.

While in the air, the green sword suddenly teleported and stabbed toward Teng Li’s back. Teng Li suddenly turned his head. His eyes were bloodshot and revealed a vicious gaze. A few pieces of jade quickly flew out of his bag of holding, forming defensive barriers.

At the same time, he raised his left hand and pointed at Wang Lin. His great sword suddenly paused and sliced toward Wang Lin while several lightning balls appeared and smashed toward the zombie.

He was betting, betting on whether Wang Lin’s flying sword stabbed himself first or if his great sword would cut Wang Lin in half. If Wang Lin used teleport to escape, then he would lose control of the flying sword and give Teng Li time to escape. He was already almost out of gas, so if he stayed around any longer, he would be digging his own grave.

Situ Nan screamed, “Mad! You are mad!” Without waiting for Wang Lin, Situ Nan decided to teleport them. Right as the blue light appeared, Wang Lin shouted, “It is not time to teleport yet! Stop!”

A vicious look appeared on his face. Without looking at the great sword, he controlled the small sword to dodge the defensive layers and appeared before Teng Li.

Teng Li panicked. His great sword was already half a meter above Wang Lin’s head. A stream of blood flowed from Wang Lin’s forehead. Wang Lin didn’t even bat an eye as he grinned and said, “Die!”

The green sword flashed. It pierced through the armor and Teng Li’s body, followed by a trail of blood.

At the same time, Situ Nan used teleport. A blue light flashed as Wang Lin’s body disappeared under the great sword and appeared before the bloody Teng Li.

The great sword smashed down and created a deep rift in the ground.

Wang Lin ignored the blood on his forehead, knelt down, and put his hand on Teng Li’s body. Situ Nan knew what Wang Lin was thinking. The heaven defying bead suddenly lit up and a stream of energy flowed from the bead into Teng Li. Teng Li’s body quickly froze into an ice sculpture with a terrified expression on his face.

All of this happened in a short period of time. It happened so fast that the zombie didn’t even realize what had happened. When it realized that Teng Li had been frozen, he cautiously looked at Wang Lin.

All of the lightning balls that were charging toward the zombie dissipated. Even the great sword shrunk down to a small silver sword and fell into the rift on the ground.

Wan Lin grabbed the ice sculpture and slowly backed away as he pointed the green flying sword at the zombie.

The zombie stared at Wang Lin and screamed. It was about to charge at Wang Lin when it looked at the rift on the ground. During that moment of hesitation, Wang Lin had already moved more than 300 meters away and disappeared with a teleport.

The zombie let out a roar and shot a look of frustration at Wang Lin’s direction. It jumped into the rift and retrieved Teng Li’s sword with a look of excitement and swallowed it.

Wang Lin held the ice sculpture. His face was pale as he quickly moved through the forest. After making sure no one was following him, he finally relaxed a bit. He took out a gourd of spirit water and chugged it all down before sitting down cross legged to cultivate.

The forest was silent. After a long time, Wang Lin opened his eyes as Situ Nan’s discontented voice came.

“Brat, are you crazy? If I was a bit slower, you would have lost your life.”

Wang Lin deeply said, “That was the only opportunity to kill Teng Li. If his spiritual energy recovered, there would never have been a second chance. This person has also chased me for several days. If I let him live, he will be a nuisance in the future, so I decided to take the risk. Also, the speed of the great sword depended on how much spiritual energy he had left in his body. Back then, he was almost out of power, so he couldn’t have been faster than my sword.”

Situ Nan was silent. He found himself feeling as if he had just got to know the real Wang Lin. After a long time, he said, “You are qualified now. With that state of mind, you can establish your own sect in this cultivation world.” Situ Nan’s voice was no longer filled with arrogance, but with a bit of respect. If it was himself in that situation, he wouldn’t have dared to risk it.

Wang Lin didn’t speak, but stared at Teng Li, who was trapped in ice. His eyes lit up and he said, “Is it fine to steal his foundation?”

After hearing Wang Lin’s question, Situ Nan replied, “It’s completely possible. He is at the late stage of Foundation Establishment, so if you use him to break into Foundation Establishment, your cultivation level will rise faster than normal. Also, you will receive a bit of his talent, so your own talent will increase. This kid is already so strong at this early age, so his talent must be amazing. Haha, this time, you got something good from your gamble.”

With that, Situ Nan explained the chant and the process of stealing foundation again. It wasn’t until the sun went down that Situ Nan finished. Wang Lin spat out the green sword and stabbed it into a giant tree nearby.

After carving a hole in the tree, Wang Lin jumped inside with Teng Li.

He didn’t put away the green sword, but had it float around him.

The hole wasn’t large and was very moist, but Want Lin couldn’t be bothered by that now. He washed his wounds on his forehead with spirit liquid before he started to cultivate.

In the morning of the next day, Wang Lin opened his mouth and spat out a mouthful of spiritual power that turned into mist. Wang Lin didn’t stop as his hand formed seals and shot out a blue light.

The moment the blue light entered the spiritual energy mist, it started to move like boiling water as it shrunk and expanded.

Wang Lin’s expression remained calm as he kept moving his hand and shot blue light into the spiritual energy mist. As more blue lights got shot into it, it started to shrink and expand even faster.

Immediately after, he moved his right hand and grabbed Teng Li’s body. Situ Nan melted the ice without Wang Lin even asking.

In a flash, the ice crystal surrounding Teng Li disappeared.

Wan Lin’s eyes lit up as he pointed his hand at the spiritual energy mist. The mist entered Teng Li’s body. His body suddenly shook as his face revealed a painful expression, but his eyes remained closed. Soon, all of the mist entered Teng Li’s body.

Wang Lin took a deep breath as he revealed a serious expression. He bit the tip of his tongue, then drew a strange blood symbol with his hand.

Wang Lin waved his right hand and the symbol landed on Teng Li’s chest.

Teng Li’s body violently quivered as his arms and legs convulsed and blood flowed out of his orifices. However, the blood didn’t drip down, but converged together.

Soon after, a crisp snapping sound came from Teng Li’s body as his face turned red and a strange shade of red appeared on his skin.

Drops of blood seeped out of his skin.

Wang Lin’s expression became even more serious. Without even blinking once, he drew another blood symbol that landed on Teng Li’s chest.

Teng Li suddenly opened his mouth and let out a few miserable groans as all of the blood vessels in his body broke. Blood flowed out of his body and gathered in the air.

In the blink of an eye, a giant ball of blood floated above Teng Li. His red colored body quickly turned pale.

Wang Lin’s forehead was covered in sweat. He watched the ball of blood as he quickly formed seals and sent out techniques toward it. Soon, the ball of blood slowly shrunk until it was the size of a fist, emitting a blood-red light.

Wang Lin took a deep breath. His entire body was soaked in sweat. Without stopping, he spat out more spiritual energy and shot blue light into it. Then, Wang Lin motioned with his hand and the mist went into Teng Li’s body again.
