Chapter 665

As the old man stared at the inheritance pseudo celestial treasure, his eyes revealed a well hidden trace of greed.

A hint of a smile that was not a smile flashed across Wang Lin’s eyes. He didn’t pretend to panic or act out in any way; he still was as calm as he had always been.

He didn’t want to take the initiative to steal celestial jades. However, if this old man wanted to rob him, then he wouldn’t be killing to steal treasure, he would be acting in righteous self defense.

As a result, even if he killed someone, he would have the moral high ground. Adding his powerful cultivation, no one would dare to call him out on planet Ran Yun.

After eight hundred years of cultivation, not only did Wang Lin gain wit, he also knew how to deal with sinister plots. However, he rarely revealed his sinister side. Now that he had changed his appearance, even someone who was familiar with him would not be able to identify him based just on this.

There was a hint of hesitation in the old man’s eyes. Shortly after, he let out a long breath, and while holding the bronze mirror, he asked, “How many celestial jades do you want for this?”

Wang Lin’s tone was calm as he slowly said, “Fifty thousand!”

The old man frowned. Although he could take out fifty thousand celestial jades from his bag, he had spent nearly a century accumulating them slowly in preparation for the future. He was worried he wouldn’t have enough for reaching the Ascendant stage if he spent them now.

As he pondered, he lowered his head to look at the bronze mirror and hesitated. He was extremely tempted by this treasure. It has to be said that a Soul Transformation cultivator with an inheritance pseudo celestial treasure was very different. If the treasure was powerful enough, he could battle against peak late stage Soul Transformation cultivators.

Although he didn’t know what power the bronze mirror had, as long as it was an inheritance treasure, it wouldn’t be weak.

It wasn’t that he hadn’t considered killing to steal the treasure, but when he looked at the youth, the youth’s eyes were calm. This was secondary, though. The most important thing was that if this youth could take out two magical treasures like these, he was obviously a core member of some cultivation family.

After pondering a for a bit, the old man took out a bag of holding. After taking out ten thousand celestial jades, he threw the bag at Wang Lin.

Wang Lin caught it. After using his divine sense to check that the numbers were accurate, he threw the inheritance jade at the old man.

The old man immediately caught the jade and carefully looked at it. His face revealed joy before he hesitantly asked, “Do you have more?”

Wang Lin looked at the old man and took out the hair pin from his bag of holding.

“This is also an pseudo celestial treasure.” There was a hint of disappointment in the old man’s eyes. He nodded at Wang Lin before turning around and walking out of the Green Bamboo Pavilion.

Wang Lin bought some materials from the shop before leaving. The youth inside the shop still couldn’t believe what had just happened.

While walking down the street, Wang Lin had his divine sense spread out, and the corner of his mouth revealed a mocking smile. A divine sense had been locked onto him this whole time.

“I’ll give you a chance!” Wang Lin changed directions toward one of the city’s gates. He left the city, took out a flying sword, and flew straight ahead.

His speed wasn’t fast because he maintained the speed of a Core Formation cultivator. After he was five thousand kilometers away, a large cloud of fog suddenly appeared before him. This fog was extremely strange, and it had appeared out of nowhere.

In the blink of an eye, the fog condensed into a hand that reached toward Wang Lin. The hand created a shrill whistling sound.

The mockery in Wang Lin’s eyes became even stronger and lightning flashed in them. At the moment the big hand closed in, Wang Lin waved his hand. A powerful wave of celestial spiritual energy appeared as Wang Lin waved his hand.

There was a loud bang and then the big hand immediately vanished. Even the fog behind it was blown back like crazy, and a miserable groan came from inside the fog.

“You’re not a Core Formation cultivator!” The fog dissipated, revealing a thin, middle-aged man. He coughed out blood and lightning started moving across this body. This middle-aged man’s face became filled with terror and he retreated without hesitation. There was black lightning coming from his body; clearly he had activated some kind of spell.

Wang Lin calmly glanced at him and casually chased after the middle-aged man. The middle-aged man was only at the mid stage of Nascent Soul. If Wang Lin wanted to kill him, it would be effortless.

The middle-aged man was terrified. This person had only waved his hand, and that was enough to cause his nascent soul to scatter. If he couldn’t return to the family in a short period of time, he would certainly die.

He was extremely regretful. He shouldn’t have followed to Elder Sun’s order to start trouble with this person for some spirit stones.

What frightened him even more was that the person was still chasing after him. This life and death pressure almost made him collapse.

Several thousand kilometers of distance passed by in a flash. When the middle-aged man entered the city, his face was extremely pale. A majority of his nascent soul had already scattered. He coughed out another mouthful of blood before rushing toward the Sun family’s mansion at the center of the city.

After arriving here, he could no longer keep his nascent soul from scattering. He shouted in a hoarse voice, “Save me!” As if he had used the last of his strength, his body bent over and directly fell down.

A white shadow rushed over. It was a white-robed man. When he caught the middle-aged man, his expression changed slightly. Without any hesitation, he took out a large amount of pills from his bag of holding and poured them into the middle-aged man’s mouth.

At the same time, various figures charged out of the Sun family’s mansion and some even flew into the sky.

At this moment, Wang Lin calmly arrived.

“You dare to harm people of my Sun family!?” The people of the Sun family that flew out raised their flying swords and charged at Wang Lin. Wang Lin waved his sleeves and created a powerful gale that immediately became a storm. The storm swept all of the Sun family members within one thousand feet and threw them out.

“All of you, back down!” A shout came from within the house and then three old men came out. Among the three was Elder Sun, who had traded with Wang Lin.

At this moment, Elder Sun’s expression was extremely gloomy.

The person who spoke was a red-faced old man. He coldly looked at Wang Lin in the air and coldly asked, “Which family are you from? Do you know that charging into my Sun family’s home is a grievous crime?!”

Wang Lin smiled, pointed at Elder Sun next to the red-faced old man, and said, “I came for him!”

Elder Sun’s expression became even more gloomy and he shouted, “Little child, this old man’s trade with you has already ended. Could it be you are regretting it!?”

Wang Lin shook his head. He pointed at the middle-aged man in a coma and smiled. “It is interesting that I was intercepted by this person right after leaving the shop. After he lost, he ran here.”

Elder Sun let out a cold snort, but the two old men beside him frowned. This matter became very simple to the two of them. They guessed that old man Sun was greedy for this person’s things but couldn’t act himself, so he had sent someone else.

However, Sun Mouren was an elder of the Sun family. Since it had already happened, they would definitely side with him. The red-faced old man coldly smiled. “Absurd. No matter what family you are from, stay here today. Wait for your elder to come and then we can decide whether you live or die!”

There was a hint of coldness in his eyes as he raised his right hand and pressed down. Suddenly, there were thunderous roars as a powerful pressure pressed down directly on the Sun family’s mansion.

At this instant, all of the Sun family members’ expressions changed greatly. They all cycled the spiritual energy inside their bodies to resist. It was as if they would immediately collapse if they didn’t resist.

The eyes of the three old men, including Elder Sun, lit up, but there was a hint of terror in them.

“Absurd?” Wang Lin’s voice was cold.

“Fellow cultivator, please don’t be angry!” An ancient voice came from within the house. Following that, an old man in black slowly stepped out. His appearance caused the pressure to dissipate slightly.

Although this person’s cultivation hadn’t reached the Ascendant stage, he was at the peak of the late stage of Soul Transformation, just one step from the Ascendant stage. It looked like he was just missing one hint of comprehension to reach break through.

However, Wang Lin saw that this old had a hint of an Ascendant cultivator’s aura. This wasn’t because the old man was hiding his cultivation, it was because there was a concealed divine sense from an Ascendant cultivator on him.

The old man in black said, “This matter is my Sun family’s fault and we have offended fellow cultivator.”

After the old man said this, the three elders were startled, but they were enlightened a moment later.

“Two hundred thousand celestial jades and we forget about this!” Wang Lin calmly looked at the old man.

The expression of the old man in black changed slightly. He hesitated for a moment and nodded. “That is fine, it’s just that two hundred thousand celestial jades is a huge sum and this is only an branch of the Sun family. Can fellow cultivator wait three days?”

Wang Lin profoundly looked at the old man. What he looked at wasn’t the old man but at the divine sense of the Ascendant cultivator on the old man.

It wasn’t until Wang Lin was far away that the old man in black relaxed and the Ascendant divine sense disappeared from his body. He glared at Elder Sun before letting out a cold snort.

The red-faced old man hesitated and softly said, “Two hundred thousand celestial jades… Even in the main family, it is a large sum.”

The old man in black coldly said, “Earlier, our family ancestor’s divine sense came to me and commanded me to agree to all requests. Not to mention two hundred thousand, even four hundred thousand would still be given! In addition, information about today’s matter is to be sealed. Send out out the family order and don’t disturb that person.”

At this moment in the vast ocean on the east side of planet Ran Yun, a long-haired man with his upper body naked was sitting in the lotus position in the depths of the ocean. At this instant, he suddenly opened his eyes, and they lit up like two bright lamps in the ocean.

He raised his head and looked up at the sky. He muttered to himself, “Could this person be the Ascendant cultivator that suddenly appeared… It’s just that I can’t see through his cultivation… There is something in his body that makes me tremble.

“This person can’t be provoked. Since he is staying at my Sun family’s city, perhaps this is a chance for my Sun family!”

“His last glance was a warning… Yes, he was telling me to not disturb him… This person has the qualifications to speak to me like this…” The man pondered for a long time. Then he flew directly out from the bottom of the ocean.
