Chapter 668

Wang Lin calmly said, “I warned you before!” In his heart, although Sun Xi was at the same cultivation level as him, he didn’t consider him an equal. In fact, Wang Lin didn’t consider any cultivator on planet Ran Yun a threat. Moreover, this Sun Xi had come even after hearing his warning, which meant that Sun Xi had come to ask for a favor. Even so, Sun Xi needed to be punished, or else there would be more trouble in the future.

This was why Wang Lin’s tone was not polite at all.

Wang Lin had cultivated for almost one thousand years and had experienced many things in his life. Most of the time, when you treat a person like a person, they treat you like you’re weak. However, if you treat them like they’re weak, they will treat you like you are strong.

This was the same as the children back in Wang Lin’s village. Those that showed weakness were bullied. Those that were smart would show their strength, so other children rarely provoked them.

This was even the same for Wang Lin’s family back then. The strong and weak would never be on equal footing; the difference was as wide as heaven and earth. This was a type of mentality. If you are weak, the other person is strong. If you are strong, the other person is weak.

Wang Lin had cultivated for many years, so he understood many things.

Sun Xi pondered. After a long time, he wryly smiled. “This was me being reckless, but I have an important thing to ask, so I was a bit hasty.”

Wang Lin didn’t reply but continued walking forward.

Sun Xi clenched his teeth and said, “Brother Xu, if you help me this once, I can use the entire Sun family to help you cultivate!”

Wang Lin calmly said, “Your family can’t afford to nurture two Ascendant cultivators!”

Sun Xi’s eyes became serious and he said, “Brother Xu, my Sun family indeed can’t support two Ascendant cultivators. However, if you help me, I can give you the spot to enter the Thunder Celestial Realm in a century!”

Wang Lin paused and looked sideways at Sun Xi. He withdrew his gaze and continued walking forward.

“I believe that Brother Xu also knows that whenever my Allheaven Star System’s Thunder Celestial Realm opens, all the Thunder Cauldrons used for entering the Thunder Celestial Realm are controlled by the Thunder Celestial Hall. It’s be impossible for an outsider to obtain them. Only people of my Allheaven Star System and families recorded in the Thunder Celestial Hall can obtain a spot.” Sun Xi’s eyes were half closed as if he was just randomly explaining the details.

Very few people who had reached the Ascendant stage weren’t cunning. This Sun Xi was also the founding ancestor of his family, so he was very cunning. Earlier, under Wang Lin’s pressure, he had to act weak, but now he began his counter attack.

The explanation also pointed out his suspicion of Wang Lin’s history.

Wang Lin faintly smiled. “Your family has a junior named Sun Xueshan. Is he doing well?”

Sun Xi’s eyes revealed a strange light and gave Wang Lin a meaningful look, then he smiled. “Xueshan has good cultivation, but not enough experience. I’m very grateful that brother Xu saved him.”

The two smiled at each other and withdrew their gazes. Sun Xi’s dread toward Wang Lin became even stronger. He glanced at Wang Lin from the side and sighed in his heart. “This person’s origin is mysterious and his way of thinking is extremely profound. Sun Qiming’s scouting before was immediately seen through by him. He was able to dissolve the doubt that I pointed out about his identity by mentioning Xueshan. He has already changed his appearance, so at most I can only pretend to not notice and not digger any further into this matter. However, he admitted to it himself, which is strange. He is obviously not afraid that I know. His cultivation level is also very high, far above mine. Someone like this is someone my Sun family must become friends with and not make an enemy out of.”

“Planet Dong Lin… Could this person really be from planet Dong Lin…” Sun Xi silently pondered.

Sun Xi asked, “Is brother Xu satisfied with my proposal?”

“We will discuss this matter later. I’ll need some time to consider it.” Wang Lin easily dodged the question.

Sun Xi secretly sighed and no longer tried to test Wang Lin. He began introducing planet Ran Yun to Wang Lin. As the two talked, they arrived at the Whole Treasure Pavilion in the east side of the city.

Today was the day of the auction at the Whole Treasure Pavilion, so there were a lot of cultivators gathered outside. There were more than ten people working reception and leading people according to the level displayed on their tokens.

The moment Sun Xi and Wang Lin closed, in Sun Qiming, who had been waiting outside the pavilion, quickly walked up to them. His eyes were filled with respect as he bowed. “Third generation Sun Qiming greets Old Ancestor and Senior Xu.”

Sun Xi revealed his majesty before others. He didn’t speak and simply nodded.

Sun Qiming had arrived at the Whole Treasure Pavilion earlier. Although the Whole Treasure Pavilion belonged to the Ran family, Sun Qiming was the head of the Sun family in this city, so he naturally had higher status compared to other people. He personally led Wang Lin and Sun Xi directly to the fourth floor instead of allowing a worker to lead them.

The youth named Lou that had blocked Wang Lin from entering before was talking to some customers. When he saw Wang Lin, he raised his head. He was immediately startled, but then he saw Sun Qiming and was immediately shocked. As for Sun Xi, Lou didn’t know who he was, but when he noticed how respectful Sun Qiming was, he assumed that Sun Xi was someone with very high status in the Sun family.

When he looked Wang Lin, the youth named Lou felt like he had missed something…

The Whole Treasure Pavilion was divided into four floors. The fourth floor was divided into rooms.

Sun Xi and Wang Lin sat down inside the first room from the left. The location was excellent; they could see the auction on the second floor at a glance.

Sun Qiming respectfully stood on the side, waiting for Sun Xi’s order.

At the moment he entered, Wang Lin suddenly had a strange feeling. It was as if something inside his mind had stirred. When he spread out his divine sense, he immediately saw the old figure in the third floor.

“It’s him!” Wang Lin was startled and immediately withdrew his divine sense.

“The imprint on his body is very light; most of it has already dissipated. There is a problem here!”

Sun Xi looked at Wang Lin and slowly said, “Brother Xu, this rank eight pill has some history. This pill does not come from planet Ran Yun but from a foreign cultivator who was seriously injured and fled here. I, the Ran family’s ancestor, and Carefree Jushi worked together to steal it. The cultivator died to the Ran family’s ancestor.”

Wang Lin frowned, then he glanced at Sun Xi but didn’t speak. He didn’t want to know secrets like this, but Sun Xi still told him. It probably had some relation to the matter Sun Xi wanted to ask his help for.

Sun Xi pretended not to see Wang Lin’s gaze and continued, “This was four years ago. This pill is very precious, especially to Ascendant cultivators like us. There was not one but a total of five pills. Me and Carefree Jushi both obtained one each. The Ran family’s ancestor is at the mid stage of Ascendant, so he took three of the pills.”

Wang Lin’s expression remained the same as he looked at the second floor as if he wasn’t listening.

Sun Xi didn’t mind and continued, “It was just that the pills were a bit hot. We saw a token of the Huan family of planet Thousand Illusion in bag of the cultivator the Ran family’s ancestor killed…”

Wang Lin turned his head, looked at Sun Xi, and blandly said, “Fellow cultivator Sun, I don’t like listening to stories.”

Sun Xi faintly smiled and said, “Brother Xu, if I hadn’t told you this story, someone else would’ve. This city belongs to my Sun family, yet the pill is being auctioned here. I believe that with Brother Xu’s wisdom, you should be aware of the reason.”

Wang Lin’s expression was neutral. He had his doubts before, but because he didn’t understand the Allheaven Star System that well, he didn’t think about it. However, now that Sun Xi had pointed it out, his gaze swept past the second floor and became cold.

Sun Xi had always been staring at Wang Lin’s expression. At the moment he saw the coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes, he felt relief, as his goal was reached. He no longer spoke; he poured himself a cup of tea and began tasting it.

The coldness only flashed across Wang Lin’s eyes for an instant before disappearing. Unless the mid stage Ascendant cultivator of the Ran family allowed it, how could it be auctioned here? The price of this pill must’ve been as high as the heavens. Also, this pill was useless to people below the Ascendant stage. Not only would it be useless to most people, the high profile of the auction would make them a target. Anyone who was smart wouldn’t buy it.

A cultivator below the Ascendant stage couldn’t consume a rank 8 pill. If they consumed it, it would be the same as devouring poison.

The reason the pill was auctioned here was Wang Lin. The Ran cultivator wanted to secretly tempt Wang Lin into buying the pill.

Wang Lin didn’t feel it was strange that the Ran family cultivator knew he was here. After all, the planet was named after the Ran family. If they didn’t have any methods, they wouldn’t have maintained their family’s current status.

Taking the pill would be tantamount to participating in the matter from four years ago. Even if he tried to explain it to the Huan family, it would be pointless.

“What deep scheming!” Wang Lin’s expression was calm, but his heart was on guard. No Ascendant cultivator was easy to deal with, and no one that founded a family was weak!

“The Ran family controls the auction, so no one else will buy this pill. If I don’t buy it, then the Ran family will find another method to drag me into this.”

The auction on the second floor had begun. Various magical weapons, materials, and pills were bidded upon.

Sun Xi put down the tea and muttered to himself, “Unfortunately, four years ago, that person didn’t have time to tell us his identity before the three of us sneak attacked him and killed him. If we had known that he was from the Huan family, then we wouldn’t have dared to attack.

“The Huan family of planet Thousand Illusion is extremely overbearing. If their family members are killed, everyone implicated is killed. Even if one obtains something from their family members through an auction, they will still incur their wrath.

“What the Huan family wants is absolute status. Even if things from a Huan family member’s bag of holding were placed before you, you still wouldn’t dare to take it and instead would willingly return it. Otherwise, you can only hope they don’t find you, but you will forever live in fear while worrying for your life… Unfortunately, I’m still afraid to consume the pill I have…”

Wang Lin didn’t speak; his gaze was still on the second floor.

A man’s voice came from the second floor. “The next item in the auction is a rank 8 pill. This pill can only be taken by Ascendant cultivators. If anyone below the Ascendant stage takes it, their body will explode and they will die. Now the auction will start. Ten thousand celestial jades…”
