Chapter 671

Some say that life and death are the most unpredictable things in the world. This is because mortals don’t know when they will die. The mysteries of death are like an unpredictable knife over their heads, making people feel fear from the depths of their souls.

However, they don’t knew that life and death are merely a small part of something bigger. If they chased it to the source, they’d find out that it’s just a type of karma.

No can can escape yesterday’s karmatic cause and today’s karmatic effect.

Just like Liu Mei, who was currently sitting cross-legged in a room in planet Thousand Illusion. While touching her bag of holding, she looked at the strange environment outside, and her heart felt more steadfast.

It was as if she wouldn’t feel lonely as long as she had the object inside her bag of holding with her.

She gently stroked her bag of holding. Liu Mei’s face once more revealed a trace of pain, but this pain was quickly replaced by indifference.

It was as if something inside the bag of holding had sent out waves of ripples.

After feeling the fluctuations inside the bag, Liu Mei bit her fingertip. She then squeezed out a drop of fresh blood and flicked it into the bag of holding. The fluctuations gradually disappeared.

Liu Mei sighed. “The treasure I prepared for him is now useless…”

A big event was taking place on planet Thousand Illusion. An ancestor that had left thousands of years ago had returned. He had also brought back a disciple with amazing talent, and three months from now a bloodline ritual was going to occur for this disciple in order to make her a core member of the Huan family.

News of this matter quickly spread like a storm until every planet that was related to planet Thousand Illusion knew about it.

Planet Ran Yun was a subordinate to planet Thousand Illusion.

After Sun Tai left, Wang Lin quietly cultivated inside the room. There were more than fifty thousand pieces of celestial jade in the bag Sun Tai had left behind. It was the limit of how much Sun Tai could obtain.

Adding on the celestial jades from before, Wang Lin had a total of a bit below three hundred thousand celestial jades. His eyes lit up and muttered to himself, “It should barley be enough!”

He stood up and then disappeared from the room. When he reappeared, he was more than fifty thousand kilometers away from the house. His divine sense swept the area before he slapped his bag of holding and large number of celestial jades flew out.

Wang Lin sat in the lotus position and his hand formed seals, sending out restrictions. After dozens of restrictions were set, the celestial jades fell one by one, forming a giant formation.

This formation was nameless; it was something Wang Lin had derived himself from his underworld river’s third ability. It could absorb a large amount of celestial jades and use the powerful impact to improve his cultivation.

As more than three hundred thousand celestial jades descended, Wang Lin slapped his bag once more and the Seven Star Sword Formation flew out. It hung around Wang Lin, protecting him. The celestial guard also came out from his shadow and fused into nothingness. If anyone dared to disturb him, the celestial guard would kill without hesitation.

After taking a deep breath, Wang Lin closed his eyes. His hands formed a seal and then rested on his knees, then he softly said, “Shatter!”

The sound of his voice became a spell and spread out like a loud rumble. It immediately caused the surrounding celestial jades to explode and turn into dust. At this moment, it was as if the entire heavens and earth were covered by the dust of the celestial jades. Then an unimaginable force of celestial spiritual energy suddenly exploded forth.

This celestial spiritual energy was very powerful, to the point of being terrifying. It turned into a tornado of celestial spiritual energy with Wang Lin as the center and charged straight into the sky.

A powerful ripple spread out, causing thunder to rumble across the world.

The celestial spiritual energy tornado became even stronger as more and more celestial jades exploded. The celestial spiritual energy from the jades fueled the tornado, making it more powerful. It felt like it was ready to charge out of planet Ran Yun.

Only three people on planet Ran Yun clearly felt this powerful storm of celestial spiritual energy. The first person was naturally Sun Xi, who was the closest.

Sun Xi was cultivating when he suddenly opened his eyes, and they were filled with shock.

The second person was a middle-aged man who was in the depths of a glacier on the other side of planet Ran Yun. This person was inside a piece of nevermelting ice, absorbing the cold energy within. At the moment the burst of celestial spiritual energy occurred, he opened his eyes. His eyes emitted a cold light as he looked toward the location of the mysterious celestial spiritual energy storm.

“Is it a warning…” The middle-aged man hesitated for a moment and then ignored it.

The third person was at the central part of planet Ran Yun, where the Ran family was located.

In the Ran family’s ancestral home, an old man with a head full of white hair narrowed his eyes as he listened to the report of the auction from a family member. After hearing that the rank 8 pill was sold for only one piece of celestial jade, he let out a cold snort and his eyes filled with dissatisfaction.

Just as he was about to speak, he detected the appearance of the storm of celestial spiritual energy. He immediately stood up and looked at the direction of the celestial storm with a gloomy expression.

After a long time, he muttered to himself, “What does he mean…”

Inside the tornado, Wang Lin’s hand formed a seal. He suddenly opened his eyes and shouted, “Absorb!”

That one word was like roaring thunder that could shatter the tornado. Wang Lin opened his mouth and the tornado was rapidly sucked into his mouth.

An underworld river vaguely appeared around Wang Lin. The underworld river revolved around Wang Lin and formed an invisible force that condensed the tornado of celestial spiritual energy.

The celestial spiritual energy tornado was being inhaled by Wang Lin; it was as if he was devouring the heavens. Large amounts of celestial jades surrounded Wang Lin, and his meridians immediately swelled up several fold. The celestial spiritual energy was immediately devoured as it entered his origin soul.

Right now Wang Lin’s body was like the Tide Abyss, and his origin soul was the black hole that devoured everything in the Tide Abyss.

The powerful celestial spiritual energy tornado was being devoured by Wang Lin. It quickly shrank until it was completely devoured. Wang Lin’s complexion was a bit red, his eyes were bright, and lightning was crackling all over his body.

The giant tornado disappeared and the world returned back to normal. Aside from the fact that there were no clouds nearby, everything was back to normal. It was as if everything that had just happened was only an illusion.

The underworld river gradually faded until it disappeared without a trace.

Wang Lin took a deep breath. He then stood up and his eyes lit up like a torch.

“I only need enlightenment in my domain to reach the mid stage of Ascendant! However, I can’t rush domain enlightenment… It could happen in the next instant, or in ten years, or in one hundred years…”

“Now it’s time to settle some matters… I wanted to peacefully cultivate on planet Ran Yun, but some people don’t want this peace to continue. Since he wants to involve me in this matter, then he must show enough sincerity! I presume those three understood the idea of my performance just now.” Wang Lin revealed a sneer and waved his hand. The Seven Star Sword Formation flew back into his bag and the celestial guard once more returned to his shadow.

As he walked, he used greater teleportation. At the same time, he spread out his divine sense to cover the entire planet. After locking on to the mid stage Ascendant cultivator, Wang Lin disappeared.

In the Ran family’s ancestral home, the old man’s expression changed and his eyes shone brightly. Then his body flickered and directly teleported out. He appeared five thousand kilometers from the Ran family’s home and then his hand formed a seal. A bolt of lightning appeared, and without any hesitation, he threw it at the void.

The old man waved his hand and a bolt of lightning appeared in the sky with a loud boom.

Palm Thunder, one of the Ran family’s ancestor’s Ascendant spells!

The lightning bolt charged directly at the void. At this moment, a cold snort came from the void and Wang Lin’s figure appeared. He didn’t move, but the shadow under him flickered. The celestial guard flickered before Wang Lin and the Palm Thunder immediately collapsed.

At the same time, the celestial guard’s shadow appeared before the Ran family’s ancestor and gently pushed him. The Ran family’s ancestor immediately coughed out blood and flew back like a meteor. He then coughed out more blood and his became became extremely pale. He quickly took out large amount of pills from his bag and devoured them.

All of this happened in an instant; so fast that the Ran family’s ancestor only felt aghast in his heart along with a deep sense of fear.

“What exactly is his cultivation level… It’s too terrifying!! He didn’t want to kill me; otherwise, I would have without a doubt died to that blow! This person, could his cultivation be at the peak of the late stage of Ascendant?!” The old man gasped.

The celestial guard’s shadow disappeared behind Wang Lin. Then Wang Lin coldly looked at the Ran family’s ancestor and calmly asked, “Was it you who wanted to drag me into the matter from four years ago?”

The old man’s mind trembled. After pondering for a bit, he clenched his teeth and said, “Fellow Cultivator, this matter was my fault. I only did this because…”

“I’m not going to listen to your excuse. If you want to receive my protection, you must show your sincerity! The sincerity you’ve shown so far isn’t enough!” Wang Lin had his hands behind his bad and looked very calm.

The old man took a deep breath. Hundreds of ideas turned in his head, then he immediately asked, “Fellow Cultivator means?”

Wang Lin slowly said, “Give me ninety percent of all the celestial jades your family has!”

The old man pondered and began to hesitate in his heart.

Wang Lin looked forward and calmly said, “The two of you, come out as well!”

Two illusions appeared where Wang Lin was looking. It was Sun Xi and the middle-aged man inside the glacier. Their eyes were filled with terror. The scene of the Ran family’s ancestor almost losing his life with one sweep had shaken their hearts greatly.

“You take out your seventy percent of your family’s celestial jades for protection!” Wang Lin pointed at Sun Xi.

Sun Xi’s eyes became serious and he immediately nodded. “Fellow Cultivator Xu, I’m OK with this matter! As long as I can walk out from the shadow of four years ago, I can accept this condition!”

“As for you, give me ninety percent of your family’s celestial jades!” Wang Lin’s gaze landed on the middle-aged man that was inside the glacier.

“In addition, there are also the remaining pills and the bag of holding from the Huan family member from four years ago. Bring me everything without a single thing missing!

“Also, if I don’t have enough celestial jades, you all will have to get more for me. If there aren’t enough for my cultivation, then I won’t bother with this matter!”
