Chapter 673

“Unfortunately, they have too many flaws and don’t contain a lot of metal element. Otherwise, these flints would not be weaker than peak pseudo celestial treasures. If they were a little larger, they could compare to a low quality celestial treasure!” Wang Lin looked at the flints with pity in his eyes.

Although this pair of flints was formed naturally, they contained too many impurities. If they were refined, they probably wouldn’t even be ten percent of their current size.

After putting them away, Wang Lin picked up the token and scanned it with his divine sense. The token immediately lit up and flashed three times before returning to normal.

“This is the Huan family’s identification token.” Wang Lin’s his divine sense carefully explored the token as he held. After a long time, his eyes became very serious.

At first glance there was nothing special about this token, just something used as identification. No matter how many times Wang Lin probed it, it was still the same.

However, Wang Lin still felt like something was wrong. He pondered for a bit before shouting, “Celestial guard!”

The shadow under him quickly extended from his body, then it moved along his skin and wrapped itself around the token. Wang Lin closed his eyes and borrowed the celestial guard’s cultivation to immediately see through the token!

Shortly after, Wang Lin opened his eyes and revealed a gloomy expression.

“This token is made of normal materials, but there is a spell inside it. This spell is related to the soul, so I presume the Huan family knows that their family member is dead.”

After pondering for a bit, Wang Lin put down the token and picked up the last item, the jade. This jade also had no divine sense on it. The only thing on it was the sliver of the dead person’s resentment.

“The three of them must have been extremely afraid if they didn’t even dare to check it with their divine senses. Otherwise, that sliver of resentment would have immediately been destroyed the moment their divine sense entered the treasure.” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and his divine sense entered the jade. The sliver of resentment was immediately destroyed.

At the moment his divine sense entered, an invisible ripple spread out and began to scatter. When it was about to spread out of Wang Lin’s house, his eyes suddenly lit up and rays of lightning shot out from his eyes.

Among the waves of crackling sounds from the lightning, the ripple that the jade gave off was completely crushed by the lightning and dissipated.

“I wiped out the the message spell that was left on the jade.” Wang Lin carefully looked at the information recorded in the jade. After a long time, Wang Lin withdrew his divine sense and his eyes became brighter and brighter!

“It really is the Thousand Illusion Ruthless Domain! So the Huan family of planet Thousand Illusion is like this!” This jade contained the cultivation method for the Huan family’s Thousand Illusion spells. However, there was a number of special restrictions placed on key parts, so even if an outsider obtained it, they wouldn’t be able to learn it.

The way to break the restrictions was the bloodline.

If that was simply the case, it wouldn’t have moved him so much. What really caught his attention was the message left in the jade by the Huan family member!

“On planet Yun Xia, I discovered a vein of flame metal. I took two pieces of it…”

The mysterious light in his eyes was bright like a beacon. He stared at the jade and muttered, “A vein of metal element flint… vein… No wonder he was hunted until he was seriously injured. Anyone who found it would immediately kill everyone to seal the news.

“This confirms that the three of them didn’t check this jade, or else they wouldn’t have allowed me into this… Of course, I can’t rule out the fact there might be something hidden behind all of this.”

Wang Lin pondered a bit and figured that the three of them probably didn’t know about the metal vein.

After taking a deep breath, Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he muttered to himself, “The heaven defying bead is only missing the metal element. There’s no way an entire vein of metal element flame metal isn’t enough to complete it! According to Situ Nan, once the five elements are complete, it will recognize an owner. I just don’t know what abilities it will have after…”

“If the news of the metal element flame stone vein hasn’t been exposed, it will be fine, but if it is, then whoever dares to fight with me for it will be killed by me!” Wang Lin’s eyes became cold and were filled with killing intent.

Wang Lin put everything away, and his eyes shined while he pondered.

“I just don’t know where planet Yun Xia is!” Wang Lin opened his eyes and his divine sense immediately spread out. His divine sense swept across planet Ran Yun and descended upon where Sun Xi was.

Sun Xi was sitting in the lotus position at the Sun family’s ancestral home, ready to cultivate. However, he was startled and jerked his head when he heard Wang Lin’s voice.

“Engrave everything you know about the Allheaven Star System’s map and send it to me.”

Sun Xi’s eyes lit up and he slightly nodded. He took out a piece of jade and concentrated on it for a moment. Then he immediately threw the jade and it disappeared into the distance.

Ten days flashed by in an instant. Wang Lin had already obtained the jade and found out where planet Run Xia was. However, this planet was a bit far away. According to Wang Lin’s calculations, if there were no delays, a round trip would take him several months.

The jade had an introduction from Sun Xi. No cultivators lived on planet Run Xia, as the planet was filled with a poison that could kill cultivators.

With the jade in hand, Wang Lin began to ponder. During these ten days, he carefully studied the map and memorized it. At the same time, he also organized his treasures.

On this day, Wang Lin stood up and walked out of the house. He then disappeared and reappeared tens of thousand of kilometers from the city before charging directly toward the atmosphere.

Just at this moment, the Ran family’s ancestor, Carefree Xanren, and Sun Xi appeared before Wang Lin.

The Ran family ancestor’s expression was gloomy as he looked at Wang Lin and asked, “Are you leaving, Fellow Cultivator Xu?”

Carefree Xanren’s expression was different, and he was obviously hiding his anger. Only Sun Xi had a wry smile. When he heard that Wang Lin wanted the map, he had a bad feeling, but he didn’t think that this Xu Mu actually had thoughts of leaving.

Wang Lin coldly looked at the three of them and calmly said, “I will not break the promise I made. This trip at most will take one year, or only a few months.”

If it wasn’t for the fact that they gave him all those celestial jades, Wang Lin wouldn’t have bothered explaining to the three of them.

After hearing Wang Lin’s explanation, the Ran family’s ancestor hesitated and said, “I don’t know what urgent matter Fellow Cultivator Xu has. I wonder if one or two of us can follow.”

Carefree Shanren said, in a serious tone, “Please don’t blame us, Fellow Cultivator Xu. The three of us gave you everything, and not even half a month later you want to leave planet Ran Yun. The three of us can’t help but feel suspicion in our hearts.”

“Fellow Cultivator Xu, I believe in your character, but this matter…” Sun Xiu wryly smiled.

It was reasonable for the three of them to be like this. No matter who it was, if they had just taken out a majority of their property, they would be like this as well.

Wang Lin frowned. Then his expression suddenly changed and he raised his head toward the sky.

The expressions of the other three also changed slightly. They raised their heads to look at the sky.

At this moment, outside of planet Ran Yun, Huan Dong was quickly closing in. His eyes were cold and showed a hint of arrogance as he charged straight toward planet Ran Yun.

“Miss, allowed me to handle this matter, so I must deal with it cleanly so that Miss will take notice of me! All those involved will be killed!” The fanaticism in Huan Dong’s eyes became even stronger.

He turned into a ray of rainbow-colored light as he charged directly into planet Ran Yun’s atmosphere and descended like a meteor. His descent was very arrogant. He spread out his divine sense like crazy and even infused it with celestial spiritual energy as it surrounded the planet. This incredible scene looked like a god was descending.

At this moment, all of the cultivators on planet Ran Yun felt this powerful aura. This aura was especially arrogant, as if it was looking at ants as it swept the world.

“I’m Huan Dong, a second grade family member of the Huan family from planet Thousand Illusion. All Ascendant cultivators of planet Ran Yun, quickly come to see me!” The cold voice was filled with arrogance. His voice rumbled like thunder across the planet. All of the cultivators below the Ascendant stage were shocked by the voice, and some low level cultivators even coughed out blood due to the shock.

The youth under the rock was one of them. She was originally cultivating, but she was shocked by Huan Dong’s divine sense infused with celestial spiritual energy. Her heart was damaged, so she coughed out blood and was immediately weakened.

There were many cultivators like her on planet Ran Yun. The Ran family’s ancestor, Carefree Shanren, and Sun Xi suddenly turned extremely pale.

The words “Huan family” were like an invincible sword that immediately pierced their hearts and caused their expressions to change greatly.

“They came… The Huan family… came…” Sun Xi muttered to himself with a bitter expression. He looked at Wang Lin with eyes filled with despair, but his gaze contained a glimmer of hope.

The Ran family’s ancestor was the same, and he looked at Wang Lin at the same time as Carefree Shanren.

Wang Lin’s expression remained the same, but his eyes revealed a hint of coldness.

Taking someone’s money to help them eliminate a disaster. Wang Lin’s divine sense spread out like roaring thunder. None of it was leaked out as his divine sense locked on to the sky and transformed into one word.

“Scram!”

This one word caused thunder to appear and explode forth like crazy. Huan Dong had just charged through the atmosphere when the thunder descended upon him. His eyes were filled with killing intent and he shouted, “Courting death!” With that, his hand formed a seal and a ray of white light gathered in his palm. A cold yin aura immediately began to gather and diffuse around the world.

For a cultivator to reach the Ascendant stage, their domain has to fuse with their origin soul. Although this person was from the Huan family, his limited talent made it so that he couldn’t cultivate the Thousand Illusion Ruthless domain. Instead, he cultivated the secondary cultivation method of the Haun family, Five Element Intent Art.

His domain was the metal element of the five elements. Metal presented invincibility. His domain moved with his spell and his hand lit up. As this moment, it was as if that light had replaced the light from the sky or looked like it had absorbed all the light in the sky. Using the power of the light, he pressed down his hand.

Wang Lin’s expression remained the same. Lightning flashed through his eyes and spread across his whole body. He looked like a heavenly celestial that was in control of everything. He pointed with his finger and the Finger of Death shot out. This finger of death contained powerful lightning, so it was several times more powerful than man. If one looked at it carefully, it would make one feel like they were facing divine retribution.
