Chapter 676

The southern part of planet Thousand Illusion belonged to the Huan family. There was a deep pool there called the Illusion Moon Pool, and the bloodline ritual was going to be held here.

The water in the pool had already been taken away by the Huan family’s ancestor, leaving behind only a deep pit in the ground. He was currently floating above the pool with a very serious expression on his face.

Below him were tens of thousands of Huan family members. They were all silent; the entire area within dozens of kilometers was completely quiet.

Each of the Huan family members went up one by one to the edge of the deep pit and cut one of their arms to release blood. Once they released enough blood, their faces would turn pale and they would retreat with gloomy expressions.

As the clan members went up one by one, blood gradually began to fill the deep pit. The dark red blood gave off a thick scent of blood that surrounded the area.

The blood of tens of thousands of clan members wasn’t enough to fill the pit with blood. However, there was still a lot of blood inside. The last person was the Huan family’s ancestor. He didn’t hesitate to cut his own wrist and let out a large amount of blood. He released the most blood, and his expression gradually turned pale. Eventually, he withdrew his wrist, formed a seal, and softly said, “Melt!”

With one word, a vortex appeared inside the pool and slowly rotated. The blood of tens of thousands of people was gradually merged together until it was impossible to separate it.

The bloodline ritual refines the purest Huan family blood from of tens of thousands of Huan family members, turn that into one thousand blood runes that will imprint on a person, and then finally extract all of the blood in that person’s body.

The Huan family’s ancestor’s eyes revealed a profound gaze and he said, in a serious tone, “Huan Mei!”

“Stepfather.” Liu Mei walked out from the crowd. Her white dress gave her a feeling of holiness.

The Huan family’s ancestor slowly said, “Enter the blood pool and cultivate attentively.”

Liu Mei nodded and walked toward the blood pool. As she entered the pool naked, the smell of blood rushed toward her. She frowned slightly but decisively stepped into the pool. As she continued to enter the blood pool, the blood gradually submerged her knees, waist, chest, and eventually completely submerged her entire body.

Inside the blood pool, one could only see the vortex and not even a hint of Liu Mei.

The Huan family’s ancestor took a deep breath and then his hand quickly formed different seals. Many seals flew from his hand into the blood pool. A powerful aura began to pour out from him and slowly spread out.

As he made seals faster and faster, the blood pool seemed to boil and the vortex spun even faster.

After a long time, the Huan family’s ancestor’s eyes suddenly lit up and he shouted, “A long time ago, the Huan family’s ancestor was a celestial of the Thunder Celestial Realm. Although the Celestial Realm was destroyed, the bloodline still remains. Today’s bloodline ritual is going to refine the Huan blood so that one more person can be added to my Huan family’s future glory.”

A complex spell came out from the Huan family’s ancestor. The spell immediately turned into imprints the moment it left his mouth, then it entered the blood pool.

“Bloodline, appear!” the Huan family’s ancestor shouted, and the entire blood pool suddenly stopped. Then there was a loud rumble and the blood pool became a blood pillar.

In an instant, the blood pillar collapsed, turning into blood runes that floated in the sky. Inside the pit sat Liu Mei. She was sitting in the lotus position with her eyes closed.

The Huan family’s ancestor took a deep breath, then his right hand formed a seal and he pointed at Liu Mei. In an instant, a wound opened on Liu Mei’s forehead, and blood constantly flowed out of it. As blood continued to flow out, Liu Mei’s expression grew paler.

Just at this moment, one of the blood runes in the sky suddenly landed and imprinted on Liu Mei’s body. Following that, a large number of blood runes descended and imprinted on her body.

As blood runes continued to descend, almost every inch of Liu Mei’s body was filled with blood runes. The Huan family’s ancestor’s eyes narrowed and then he took a step forward. He arrived before Liu Mei and raised his right hand. A mysterious light appeared in his hand. This light changed tens of thousands of times. Anyone who looked at it would immediately see all of the possibilities in their life, from being born to their death. All of the sickness, love, and hatred of one’s life were all within this illusion.

This was the Huan family’s ancestor’s dao, the Ten Thousand Illusion Identityless Dao!

He pressed his palm down on Liu Mei’s forehead. The powerful dao of the Huan family’s ancestor directly entered Liu Mei’s origin soul. At the same time, his own celestial spiritual energy poured into Liu Mei without any reservation to help her increase her cultivation level.

The amount of celestial spiritual energy needed to reach the peak of the Ascendant stage was extremely large, so no first step cultivator could do this; not even cultivators in the Yin and Yang stage could do this.

Only those who had truly entered the second step would have this kind of heaven-defying power.

The Huan family’s ancestor was a powerful cultivator in the second step; his cultivation level was early stage Nirvana Scryer!

Vast amounts of celestial spiritual energy and endless amounts of dao fused together and was transferred into Liu Mei’s body by the Huan family’s ancestor. The Huan family’s ancestor obviously care a lot about this disciple and his intent for her to take over the Huan family. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be willing to damage his own cultivation to help Liu Mei increase her cultivation level.

Liu Mei’s body trembled, then all of the blood runes around her suddenly entered her body and turned into the Huan family’s blood. It flowed inside her body and forced out all of her own blood.

At the same time, her origin soul started glowing brightly and was rapidly growing stronger.

Early stage Ascendant, mid stage Ascendant, late stage Ascendant, peak of late stage of Ascendant!

Jealous gazes came from the tens of thousands of Huan family members nearby. Their jealousy was reasonable. Ascendant was a powerful realm; how many cultivators were stuck at the Ascendant stage? How many cultivators had to spend thousands of years to reach the peak of late stage Ascendant on their own?

This Liu Mei had only taken less than half of an incense stick of time to reach many people’s life goal.

The Huan family’s ancestor’s arm shrank and he instantly became a lot older. He retreated a few steps, and even the color in his eyes dimmed. He looked at Liu Mei and softly said, “From today onwards, you are a member of the Huan family. The Huan family blood flows through your body. Your father need to go into closed door cultivation now. During this time, you have to strive to reach the Yin and Yang stage as soon as possible.”

Liu Mei turned around and quietly looked at the Huan family’s ancestor. She didn’t say anything and merely nodded.

“Ten Thousand Illusion Heavenly Devil Dao. This old man really wants to know what kind of change the Ten Thousand Illusion Heavenly Devil Dao will have at the second step!” The old man laughed and didn’t seem to care the slightest about Liu Mei’s indifference. He waved his sleeves and disappeared.

The old man’s voice echoed, “Go to planet Ran Yun. Huan Mei, this is your first battle as a member of the Huan family. Slaughter a name for yourself!”

Liu Mei raised her head. She didn’t even look at the tens of thousands of clan members. Instead, she floated into the air like a celestial. Her target was planet Ran Yun.

She didn’t even bring any attendants and went alone.

Inside the crack in the ground, Wang Lin withdrew his gaze from the Moongazer Serpent. There was still shock in his eyes.

“This Moongazer Serpent is tens of thousands of feet long, and its power isn’t any weaker than Nirvana Scryer cultivators. If there are no ancient gods, then its offensive abilities aren’t strong. As long as I don’t take the initiative to provoke it, it should maintain its first form.”

Wang Lin pondered for a bit. According to the memory of the ancient god, these parasites that lived inside the ancient god had three forms. The first form was like the one that just passed by; it had no offensive capabilities.

As for the second form, all of the hairs on its body would shrink and it would morph into various shapes inside the ancient god’s body. This second form usually meant that it was sleeping.

The third and final state was shown when it attacked. Their hairs would extend our and could reach up to the same length as its body. If one encountered a Moongazer Serpent in that state, they should immediately run, or they would risk being attacked.

As Wang Lin pondered, he went deeper into the crack. He spread out his divine sense, looking for the metal element vein.

“It is a bit strange for a Moongazer Serpent to appear here. This is not a beast I can provoke, so it is better to ignore it and focus on finding the metal vein.”

Wang Lin’s speed was extremely quick, and he continued to move deep underground. Soon, he reached a dead end, but he didn’t pause; he charged into the wall. His body entered the wall and he continued to descend using the earth escape technique.

As he moved, Wang Lin slightly frowned. There was a sticky fluid that kept coming out of the dirt around him. If it wasn’t for the fact that he had his celestial spiritual energy around him, he would have already been covered by that liquid.

“This place is very strange!” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and his divine sense spread out farther and farther. He sometimes felt some powerful fluctuations, and every time he did so, he would go around it.

His divine sense continued to spread out until it had almost completely swept the planet. Wang Lin’s eyes suddenly narrowed. At the deepest part of this planet he saw a metal vein that stretched for endless kilometers.

This vein was deep inside the planet, with an end of it slightly breaking out from the ground on the other side of the planet. This was how the Huan family member had found this metal vein.

Wang Lin frowned harder and harder. He didn’t immediately move but began to ponder.

“If this metal vein was hidden extremely well, then it would make sense. However, this vein isn’t hidden at all; any Ascendant cultivator that passes by here should immediately find it. There is something strange about this.” Wang Lin carefully checked the vein, but he wasn’t able to find anything.

After pondering for a while, Wang Lin revealed a decisive gaze. He waved his right hand and tore apart the earth before him. Then he charged directly into the deepest part of the metal vein.

It didn’t take long before he arrived at the vein. What appeared before him was a huge vein with specks of golden light. The huge vein was like a dragon coiling around planet Yun Xia.

After pondering a bit, Wang Lin slowly moved forward. He felt like something was wrong. After seeing the Moongazer Serpent, a cloud had been hovering over his heart.
