Chapter 677

“Why would the Moongazer Serpent appear here? Why has no one taken the metal vein after all this time when it’s out in the open…” One by one, these riddles entered Wang Lin’s mind. He stared at the vein and didn’t make any rash decisions.

Years of caution made him develop a habit of questioning everything. There were too many mysteries here; if he was careless, he might face unimaginable crisis.

While suppressing his heart’s urge to immediately take the metal vein, Wang Lin carefully walked around the vein. The confusion in Wang Lin’s mind gradually grew stronger.

In his opinion, this metal vein was a bit too neat. The vein was almost the same thickness from beginning to end.

“If it was a naturally formed vein, it would absolutely impossible for it to be like this. This vein looks more like long sections of bones.”

Thinking about this, Wang Lin’s body suddenly stopped and his eyes revealed a strange color. As he stared at the vein, his heart was in turmoil.

“Bone… Could it really be a bone left by a unknown force and this is its remains?!” Wang Lin gasped. He couldn’t imagine what kind of beast would have a metal vein as its bone.

He pondered a bit before continuing to follow the metal vein. At this moment, the ground suddenly shook and Wang Lin immediately felt waves of fluctuations coming from all directions. All of these fluctuations were going upwards.

Wang Lin condensed all of his celestial spiritual energy, and his eyes were filled with horror. His divine sense was still spread out, and he clearly saw countless tentacles coming out from the vein and extend into the earth. Finally, they extended out from the cracks on the surface and began to sway back and forth.

Wang Lin was startled for a moment, but he immediately lowered his head to look at the metal vein. The strangeness in his eyes became even stronger.

“This scene is somewhat familiar…”

Staring at the metal vein, Wang Lin’s eyes suddenly lit up and he muttered, “This place is covered in tentacles, which makes the entire planet look like it has hair growing out of it…

“The second form of the Moongazer Serpent is when all the hairs on its body are withdrawn, so it is in a state of slumber… Could it be that… Where I am at, planet Yun Xia… Is an extremely large Moongazer Serpent!?”

Wang Lin gasped and stared at the metal vein not far away.

“This isn’t a metal vein, it’s really a bone. However, it’s not a bone of any beast but… the bone of a Moongazer Serpent!” Wang Lin’s heart became cold.

“If I had just taken the metal vein, I’m afraid I would have immediately awakened this Moongazer Serpent. As a result, I would have died. It would be unlikely for this Moongazer Serpent to completely awaken, but it would only need to be awake for a moment to kill anyone who tried to take the bone.” Wang Lin finally understood why none of the powerful cultivators had come to try and take this bone. It wasn’t that they didn’t want to, but they didn’t dare.

“I believe that others have come here before, but they all died. In a way, the person from the Hua family was very smart. He only took a bit from the surface and immediately left. If he had taken a bit more, he would have stimulated the Moongazer Serpent enough to awaken it. There might also be luck involved. If it was anyone else, even a tiny bit could have caused the Moongazer Serpent to awaken.”

Hundreds of thoughts flashed through Wang Lin’s mind. He knew that he should quickly leave this place and no longer think about it. However, he looked at the metal vein and felt extremely unwilling to just leave.

“What I want is this entire bone, but the Moongazer Serpent will completely awaken if I try to take it. If I do that, its body will change into attack form and I’ll definitely die…. However, I’m unwilling to just give up like this! Ah!” Wang Lin let out a sigh and his eyes lit up. He recalled everything about the Moongazer Serpent from the ancient god’s memories.

“There is no other existence that knows these parasites as well as the ancient gods; that is my advantage. This Moongazer Serpent lives off the blood of the ancient gods…

“The tentacles are their most sensitive organs… What method can I use to take the bone but not wake it up…”

Wang Lin’s eyes were filled with a mysterious light as he muttered to himself, “Back when I devoured all those Celestial Ascension Fruits, I was filled with a sense of madness. At that time, even if someone took my bones, I’m afraid I wouldn’t have felt it. If I can put this Moongazer Serpent into a state of illusion while it’s still asleep, perhaps I can then take its bone…”

Wang Lin pondered for a moment as he looked at the metal vein with reluctance and let out a sign. With one step, he was already aboveground, then he teleported in mid air and reappeared outside of planet Yun Xia. The star compass appeared and quickly took him away from planet Yun Xia.

From far away, Wang Lin looked back at planet Yun Xia while riding the star compass. His eyes revealed a decisive gaze.

“I must obtain that Moongazer Serpent’s bone! I can refine the drug to numb the Moongazer Serpent. However, I will need a lot of it to make this huge Moongazer Serpent enter a state of illusion.”

If it was anyone else, even if they thought of the method and obtained a large amount of the drug, they wouldn’t be able to make the Moongazer Serpent absorb it.

An ancient god’s Moongazer Serpent wouldn’t absorb anything besides the blood of an ancient god unless someone used the ancient god tactic to command it.

Only Wang Lin had the ancient god tactic.

As the silver dragon flew across stars, Wang Lin sat on its back with a gloomy expression. This trip that had taken several months was a complete waste of time. He thought he would be able to complete the heaven defying bead, but it turned out like this.

“Forget it. I have already waited more than eight hundreds years, so I won’t mind waiting a bit longer. As long as I obtain enough Celestial Ascension Fruits to refine, I can just come back.

“However, I didn’t expect to find a large Moongazer Serpent… Just how many stars could that ancient god have had to carry such a large Moongazer Serpent… And this thing has obviously been sleep for countless years, because there are even ruins of cities on its surface.”

Wang Lin’s expression loosened and he began to ponder.

“This Moongazer Serpent is in the form of a planet, so once it awakens, I wonder what kind of strength it will have… I’m afraid even Ling Tianhou, the All-Seer, and them would immediately flee in terror! Unfortunately, it won’t listen to anyone but its master. Even if my original body was here, it would be useless.

“Otherwise, if I could control it and lead it back to Alliance Star System, wouldn’t it be a joyous event?”

Wang Lin let out a bitter smile as he steered the star compass straight toward planet Ran Yun. As the silver light flashed, he was gradually getting farther and farther from planet Yun Xia.

On planet Ran Yun, the Ran family’s ancestor, Carefree Sanren, and Sun Xi looked at the sky. Their expressions were deadly grim.

“Planet sealing formation…” Sun Xi’s face was filled with bitterness.

Carefree Sanren said, “The Huan family would never do things like this. If they had the time to set up the planet sealing formation, they would have already descended on planet Ran Yun.”

The Ran family’s ancestor pondered for a long time and said, “I’m afraid that this matter was prepared for the Huan family ancestor’s new adopted daughter, Huan Mei, to show her might.”

“The Huan family wants to wipe out our three families and is using the formation to prevent us from escaping.” Sun Xi’s eye became cold.

The Ran family’s ancestor said, “They won’t be able to wipe out our families. In these past several years, the three of us have secretly sent the talented family members out of the planet. As long as they exist, our families’ flame will continue on.”

“Unfortunately, our roots are all on planet Ran Yun, so how could we have moved our whole families in a short period of time? If we had moved too fast, it would have caused this matter to blow up early.” Carefree Sanren bitterly smiled.

Sun Xi hesitated and said, “Maybe Fellow Cultivator Xu Mu will make it back…”

The Ran family;s ancestor gritted his teeth and said, “Hmph, if he doesn’t come back once the three of us are captured by the Huan family, I’ll drag him into this matter. How can I let him take all those celestial jades for free?! He promised to protect us but left at the moment of crisis. Despicable!”

Carefree Sanren silently pondered.

Sun Xi let out a sigh and said, “Forget it. Even if he comes back, what can he do? The Huan family’s ancestor has already reached the second step, so who can stop him? Rumor has it that the Huan family had two ancestors in the second step. One of them died in the fight for the Thunder Celestial Realm, so only one remains. Although he wasn’t as strong as he was before, as long as he comes, then everything will be pointless.”

The three of them silently pondered. They were filled with remorse about the matter from four years ago. This was karma.

Just at this moment, the Ran family’s ancestor’s expression suddenly changed and he exclaimed, “They came!”

Sun Xi and Carefree Sanren raised their heads. They felt the danger coming from the sky, and their expressions became even more gloomy.

Waves of fluctuations came from the sky as an almost endless pressure descended from above.

Outside planet Ran Yun, Liu Mei stepped toward the planet while wearing white. She spread out out her divine sense after passing the planet sealing formation and locked on to the Ran family’s ancestor and company.

Her expression was as calm as water as she slowly closed in.

“Brother Sun, Brother Zhao, the three of us have spent most of our lives fighting. Now that we have already settled all future matters, why not let the three of us go all out? Even if we die, we will die without regrets!” Although his voice was low, it contained battle intent. As he looked up at the sky, his eyes contained a burning flame.

“Brother Ran is heroic. Since you are burning your soul, then let me accompany you!” Carefree Sanren let out a laugh and a burning flame also appeared in his eyes.

Sun Xi’s eyes revealed a decisive gaze and he smiled. “Forget it. To cultivate all my life means I’ll dare to enter the heavens and scold the celestial generals. How can I back down now?”

Monstrous battle intent burst from the three of them like giant flames had suddenly ignited on planet Ran Yun. An ordinary flame could create a signal smoke. Although cultivators burning their souls couldn’t create a signal smoke, they could create battle intent ten times, a hundred times, a thousand time stronger than signal smoke.

This powerful battle intent reached its peak when Liu Mei’s beautiful figure appeared.

Liu Mei’s body descended from the sky as she looked at the three of them and muttered, “Burning their origin souls…” Her voice was very beautiful, like the spring wind sweeping past the earth. There was also a mysterious force within her voice.

Carefree Sanren stared at Liu Mei in the sky. The flame in his eyes gradually dimmed and was replaced with a hint of fanaticism…
