Chapter 678

Looking at Liu Mei, who had descended from the sky like a celestial, not only Carefree Sanren, Sun Xi also lost his battle intent and began to struggle.

Only the Ran family’s ancestor, whose cultivation had reached the mid stage of Ascendant, was barely able to keep his mind clear, but he couldn’t do it for long. In his mind, the voice from the woman in the sky was like a song of the heavens. The words seemed to enter his mind, and they even created a trace of mortal feelings.

“Ten Thousand Illusion ruthless domain!” The Ran family’s ancestor’s expression changed greatly and a flame began to burn within him. This flame came from the fusion of his origin soul and origin energy. This caused his cultivation to improve leaps and bounds.

He then let out a roar. This roar was like thunder that rumbled across the sky and moved the heavens and earth.

Sun Xi’s eyes regained clarity and he felt terror in his heart. Just at that moment, he had a feeling like he was facing his own loved one, and he didn’t have the heart to attack at all.

Liu Mei’s expression was neutral as she closed in and softly said, “The three of you are not my match. If you come back with me to the Huan family, you might have a chance of living.”

The Ran family’s ancestor’s body was now covered in flames, and he took a step forward. His hand formed a seal and then he pressed his hand down. The Ran family’s palm thunder immediately appeared and a burst of lightning shot out from his hand directly toward Liu Mei.

Liu Mei revealed a look of helplessness and gently played with her hair. Her jade hand moved forward, and there was a flash of ruthlessness in her eyes. The tip of her finger touched the thunder, causing it to tremble and suddenly dissipate.

Liu Mei softly said, “Since you are going to burn your souls, then burn it a little more thoroughly.”

After she said that, the fanaticism in the eyes of Carefree Sanren behind the Ran family’s ancestor became even stronger. There was even a sense of obsession within them. He was already in a very chaotic state. In his eyes, the heavens and earth no longer existed; the only thing that remained was the figure of the woman before him.

Without any hesitation, he took a step forward and blocked the Ran family’s ancestor. The origin soul in his body suddenly ignited. This kind of burning wasn’t just his origin soul but also his physical body.

“There is also you.” Liu Mei’s gaze fell on Sun Xi.

Sun Xi had just suppressed his heart, but after hearing Liu Mei’s words, it completely collapsed. His body trembled and fanaticism appeared in his eyes just like Carefree Sanren. He burned his origin soul and body without any hesitation in exchange for a moment of peak power. His finger formed a sword and he pointed it at the Ran family’s ancestor without any hesitation.

The Ran family’s ancestor revealed a pitiful smile and said, “Zhao Chuanwen, Sun Xi, I feel sad for the two of you!”

However, Carefree Sanren and Sun Xi seemed to have not heard him at all and released their spells without any hesitation. Then they began their battle to the death with the Ran family’s ancestor. Burst of thunderous rumbles and flashes of spells caused the earth to shake and the sky to darken.

Carefree Sanren and Sun Xi’s bodies quickly dissipated. However, every bit of their bodies that disappeared made their cultivation get stronger. They battled like madmen against the Ran family’s ancestor.

Liu Mei revealed a faintly smile. She really didn’t need to bring anyone because as long as she was here, there would be countless cultivators willing to fight for her.

This was the Ten Thousand Illusion Heavenly Devil Dao. Everything in the world could be used by it. The Huan family’s ancestor was willing to pay the price and perform the bloodline ritual for Liu Mei because of this. He wanted to see what kind of power it would have once it reached the second step.

The entire planet was in an earthquake-like state. Loud rumblings would constantly come from the ground. The Ran family’s ancestor’s heart was filled with despair, and he also began burning his body. He was doing his best to exchange it for the most amount of power. As both his origin soul and body burned, his cultivation level rose like crazy. He managed to reach the power of a late sage Ascendant cultivator without a domain.

His cultivation level was raised too quickly, so his domain couldn’t keep up, making him only a pseudo late stage Ascendant cultivator. Even so, he was extremely powerful.

As he let out a roar, his body quickly dissipated and his hand quickly formed seals. He suddenly closed his hands and then a dazzling light surrounded them. He wasn’t using a spell, it was the most direct method to use the origin energy inside his body. The origin energy turned into this golden light. As he suddenly opened his hands, the golden light shot out like sharp swords in all directions.

At this moment, Sun Xi and Carefree Sanren’s bodies were about to dissipate. They only had half of their bodies left, and the rest had disappeared into the void. The fanaticism in their eyes became even stronger, and without any hesitation, the two decided to self destruct.

Boom!

Boom!

The self destruction of Ascendant cultivators who were burning their origin souls and bodies caused a great catastrophe for planet Ran Yun.

The sky seemed to collapse and the earth burst open. The seas of planet Ran Yun rose up hundreds of feet and slammed down on the earth as if the planet was angry.

The spirit veins in planet Ran Yun were like gunpowder and all began to explode with the guidance of the self destruction.

Sun Xi and Carefree Sanren’s origin souls and bodies dissipated. Even at the moment of their deaths, they were still not sober.

The Ran family’s ancestor was at the center. Although he was able to resist it with his powerful cultivation, he still ended up covered in blood. His bloodshot eyes stared at the still calm Liu Mei before him and he snapped, “What a disgusting bitch. This battle is between you and me; why did you spread it to the mortals and this planet?!”

Liu Mei faintly smiled and softly said, “I haven’t attacked at all… The three of you were fighting amongst yourself; what does it have to do with me…”

The Ran family’s ancestor raised his head and laughed out loud. This laughter was filled with despair and sadness. While he laughed, tears came from the corners of his eyes and he looked down at the earth. The originally beautiful planet was already in ruins. He knew that if he were to self destruct to injure her, planet Ran Yun would become a wasted cultivation planet.

“This is my home…” His face was filled with bitterness as he looked at Liu Mei and said, word for word, “I, Ran Xuefeng, will use my current cultivation to curse you to die without a grave! Also, the person that killed Huan Dong wasn’t the three of us. There is another person named Xu Mu!”

As he spoke, he raised his right hand and hit his forehead. There was a cracking sound as his burning origin soul immediately collapsed and spread to his body. His entire body slowly dissipated before Liu Mei’s calm gaze. Eventually, it turned to dust and landed on the ground.

“I was born on Ran Yun and will die on Ran Yun. All I, Ran Xuefeng, can do is my best to protect planet Ran Yun. As for you, Xu Mu, you despicable man, I curse you to die together with Huan Mei!”

Liu Mei’s eyes showed a hint of indifference as if nothing in the world could affect her mind. She looked at the earth below her, and with a step she headed down toward the ground.

“The Ran family, Zhao family, and Sun family need to be wiped out… This is Master’s request, and it has nothing to do with me. There was also that Xu Mu. That person is a little strange…” Liu Mei thought to herself, then she suddenly frowned. Her divine sense spread out and stopped at the extreme southern part of the planet.

“There is a clone… That Sun cultivator is interesting. This means that the Ran family’s ancestor and the Zhao cultivator also have a clone.” Liu Mei chuckled. This clone was hidden very well. If it wasn’t for the fact that the clone had released a fluctuation when the main body died, Liu Mei would not have found it. After all, without specifically looking for it, she would have completely ignored it after one sweep of her divine sense.

In the city in the southern part of planet Ran Yun, a youth sat inside a house. This youth looked exactly like Sun Xi, and his face was filled with a bitter expression.

Since four years ago, after realizing that they had made a big mistake in killing the Huan family member, the three of them had concentrated all their efforts into refining clones. There were no special methods used, and the clones were so weak that they couldn’t battle at all.

However, it was still a method of keeping themselves alive.

The Ran family’s ancestor had been secretly refining a clone for hundreds of years, and it had already reached the level to leave the planet. It had left the planet with the other clan members in secret two years ago. As for Carefree Ranren, his methods were a bit lacking, so he couldn’t split his origin soul, meaning he couldn’t refine a clone. However, he had other means. As for exactly what, no one else knew.

Although this Sun Xi was able to refine a clone, its cultivation was only at the Core Formation stage, so it simply couldn’t leave the planet. Before, when he looked for Wang Lin, he was going to ask for help on this matter. However, before he could ask, he was refused by Wang Lin.

Also, this matter was of great importance, so after hesitating, he didn’t continue asking. Otherwise, if Xu Mu had figured out that the three of them all had their own means of staying alive and were only dragging him into this to be a scapegoat, he was afraid that no matter how much celestial jades they offered, Xu Mu wouldn’t have agreed. In fact, Xu Mu might have attacked them in anger.

Liu Mei teleported and arrived in the southern part of planet Ran Yun. Just as she was about to step into the city, she suddenly jerked her head to face the sky. Her eyes were filled with a never-before-seen mysterious light.

“This aura…”

A silver light crossed through the stars and arrived outside planet Ran Yun. Wang Lin was sitting on the star compass. He collected the three’s celestial jades, so he had to at least do as he had promised. Otherwise, there would be no reason for him to return.

His expression was originally neutral, but when he saw the powerful sealing formation around planet Ran Yun, his eyes narrowed. He stood up from the star compass and stared at the restriction with his eyes glowing.

“When I left, this restriction wasn’t there!” Wang Lin had a very good understanding of restrictions. Although he couldn’t break this restriction in a short period of time, he could enter without damaging it.

He pondered a bit before the star compass under him charged through the restriction and flew straight at planet Ran Yun.

On planet Ran Yun, as Liu Mei raised hear head, the mysterious light in her eyes became even stronger.
