Chapter 679

Wang Lin put away the star compass and stepped into planet Ran Yun. At the moment he entered the atmosphere, a flash of coldness appeared in his eyes.

When he was outside, he noticed that the planet was in ruins. Waves of celestial spiritual energy were echoing in the area. It was clear that a great battle had just occurred here.

He took a deep breath. His divine sense had already seen Liu Mei’s figure in the southern part of planet Ran Yun.

Liu Mei’s appearance had changed somewhat. It could be said that she looked even more stunning than before.

Frowning slightly, Wang Lin took a step forward and disappeared. When he reappeared, he was in the southern part of the planet, only one thousand feet from Liu Mei.

Liu Mei stared at the figure that appeared one thousand feet from her, and the mysterious light in her eyes became even stronger. She had noticed him when he was approaching the planet. She felt that he was vaguely familiar, but his appearance was completely foreign to her.

She didn’t speak. Instead, she silently looked at Wang Lin.

Wang Lin looked at Liu Mei and calmly said, “You have already killed them. You can leave.”

He came here wondering why Liu Mei was at the southern part of the planet. When he spread out his divine sense, he immediately saw Sun Xi’s clone. After pondering for a bit, he was able to understand what had happened.

Since the three of them had lied to him about the clones, then there was no need for him to stick his neck out for them anymore. As long as he tried his best, it was enough.

In addition, what made Wang Lin’s heart sink was that this Liu Mei’s cultivation had already reached the peak of the late stage of Ascendant. This kind of cultivation caused Wang Lin’s pupils to shrink imperceptibly.

“How could this Liu Mei’s cultivation have reach such a level? Could it be related to the Huan family’s ancestor… It must be so!” Wang Lin’s gaze swept Liu Mei’s body and revealed a hint of clarity.

“There is still some celestial spiritual energy around her. I assume someone has forcibly raised her cultivation level. However, this kind of forced raise in cultivation is only in celestial spiritual energy. It’s be impossible for her domain to have reached the same step!”

Liu Mei stared at Wang Lin and softly said, “Have we met before?”

Wang Lin calmly said, “No!”

Liu Mei looked at Wang Lin for a long time before she revealed a smile that was like the spring wind. However, what it got in return was Wang Lin’s always calm-as-water gaze.

“Enough. Leave now before I change my mind!” Wang Lin’s voice turned cold. This smile of hers disgusted him a lot. Back on planet, Suzaku she was like this as well.

Liu Mei’s eyes exposed a trace of complex emotion and she softly said, “I didn’t expect your cultivation to have already reached such an incredible degree. Even I can’t see through it…”

Wang Lin frowned and coldly looked at Liu Mei before turning around to leave. Since the three people on planet Ran Yun had lied about their clones, there was no need for him to continue to participate in this matter.

“Wang Lin, do you really think I can’t recognize you?!” Liu Mei’s voice contained a trace of coldness.

Wang Lin stopped and turned around. Then his eyes turned cold and he said, “There is no need to test me. I’m Wang Lin. If you continue to bug me like back on planet Suzaku, then don’t blame me for killing you!”

Currently, the inside of Liu Mei’s heart was very different from her appearance. Right now her heart was in turmoil. She could have never imagined that she would meet Wang Lin in the Allheaven Star System, and his cultivation was even strong enough to the point where she couldn’t see through him.

Scenes from the past suddenly flashed across her eyes. As she stared at Wang Lin, the complex emotions in her eyes became even stronger, and she softly said, “Aside from you, no one else has such a cold gaze. You changed your appearance, changed your everything, but you can’t change your gaze. I’m afraid you changed yourself because you don’t want me to recognize you.”

Wang Lin frowned as he coldly looked at Liu Mei and said, “I’ll say it once more: scram!”

Liu Mei revealed a beautiful smile, then the complex emotion in her eyes disappeared. Instead, it was replaced with indifference, and she gently said, “You cultivation level is definitely not higher than mine. You must have some kind of treasure that can hide your cultivation. Today, you will not be leaving.”

There was a burst of wind and the Finger of Death shot out. Liu Mei’s expression remained neutral as her jade hand quickly formed a seal and a spell appeared. A lightscreen appeared before her as the Finger of Death collided, causing a loud rumble. Lightning flickered everywhere and countless cracks appeared on the light screen.

Liu Mei shook her head and softly said ,“I didn’t guess wrong. Your cultivation is only at the early stage of Ascendant.”

Wang Lin’s voice was filled with indifference as he slowly said, “A cultivation risen by force has too many drawbacks. I’m afraid your master has other motives!”

Liu Mei faintly smile and said, “So what? Today, you won’t be able to escape. If you hadn’t reached the Ascendant stage, then it wouldn’t have mattered, but since you did, let us finish our feud from planet Suzaku. Let me send you to reunite with Li Muwan…”

“You’re courting death!” Wang Lin slapped his bag of holding and the Seven Star Sword Formation immediately flew out. It turned into seven rays of light and flew straight at Liu Mei.

With a neutral expression, Liu Mei pointed to the spot between her eyebrows with her jade hand, then a ray of red light came out from between her eyebrows. The red light suddenly wrapped around her body and turned into the appearance of a woman.

This woman was very arrogant, her eyes were fierce, and she was beautiful. A pair of phoenix eyes looked at Wang Lin with killing intent.

“Red Butterfly!” Wang Lin’s eyes released a burst of golden light.

This woman was red butterfly!

Red Butterfly stared at Wang Lin and calmly said, “Our feud needs to be dealt with as well!” With that, she slapped her bag of holding and a red rose appeared. She threw it forward and all the petals scattered. The petals floated toward Wang Lin with a mysterious force.

“What kind of spell is this?!” Wang Lin’s pupils shrank imperceptibly. The Liu Mei before him suddenly turned into Red Butterfly. Thanks to Wang Lin’s divine sense, he confirmed that this was the real Red Butterfly without any of Liu Mei’s aura.

Facing the petals, Wang Lin’s right hand forced a seal, and with a thought, the Seven Star Sword Formation closed in. The seven swords formed a circle and rapidly rotated, creating a powerful sword wind that crushed the flower petals.

The arrogance in Red Butterfly’s eyes became even stronger as she flicked her finger and the flower’s stamen flew out. Her left hand pointed a few times, then the flower stamen suddenly combined to form a rune. She pressed down her hand, causing the rune to immediately fly out. The rune continued to expand until it was more than one thousand feet wide and pressed down on Wang Lin like a giant mountain.

Wang Lin’s eyes became cold as he raised his hand and pointed at the sky. A thunderbolt flashed across the sky as a long underworld river suddenly appeared and crushed the rune. The underworld river was filled with bloodlust. Under Wang Lin’s control, the underworld river moved like a roaring dragon and immediately surrounded Red Butterfly. It was about to pull her entire body into the underworld river.

Red Butterfly’s eyes shined brightly and she calmly said, “Dao intent! You actually have your own dao!”

Wang Lin let out a cold snort. As the underworld river moved, the sky darkened. There were flashes of lightning inside the underworld river, making it even more powerful.

Red Butterfly felt a sense of crisis as her right hand pointed between her eyebrows once more. This time, a yellow light surrounded her body, and when it disappeared, it revealed a small and thin figure.

“Uncle…”

That word contained a mysterious power that caused Wang Lin’s underworld river to suddenly pause.

“Zhou Ru…”

That small figure was Zhou Ru. She timidly looked at Wang Lin with her eyes wide open and her face filled with terror.

“Uncle, I finally found you. Please don’t abandon me, OK?”

Wang Lin’s eyes revealed a painful expression and he shouted, “Enough, Liu Mei!”

The underworld river churned and Zhou Ru was immediately pulled into it. Zhou Ru’s eyes were filled with fear and confusion as he looked at Wang Lin. A tear came out from her eyes and she softly said, “Uncle, are you going to kill Ru Er?”

“This is fake…” Wang Lin took a deep breath and his heart became determined. The underworld river went for the kill and rushed into Zhou Ru’s body. It was about to completely submerge her.

Just at this moment, a low and weak voice echoed.

“Tie Zhu…”

This voice was like a bell echoing inside Wang Lin’s body. He saw the mother that he had been separated from for eight hundred years looking kindly at him from inside the underworld river.

Wang Lin’s heart trembled.

His hand trembled, then the underworld river collapsed and disappeared into nothingness.

“This is also fake.” Wang Lin’s eyes glowed red.

“Fake… Wang Lin, thanks to my Ten Thousand Illusion Heavenly Devil Dao, they are both fake and real!” Liu Mei’s voice was illusionary and came from all direction.

Zhou Ru and Red Butterfly appeared from the void. At the same time, Wang Lin’s father appeared and looked at Wang Lin with a gentle gaze.

“Wang Lin, do you still remember me…” Wang Zhuo walked out from the void. He was no longer an old man but a high-spirited youth.

“Disciple, you have to remember to pass on the legacy of the Soul Refining Sect…” Du Tian’s ancient figure walked out from the void.

Shortly after, figures familiar to Wang Lin walked out one by one. Each of them silently looked at Wang Lin. Their gazes were all different; some complex, some filled with loss, some filled with joy, some filled with sadness…

A flash of blue light appeared in the sky and turned into a woman. This woman was Li Muwan!

Li Muwan looked at Wang Lin with a gentle gaze and softly said, “Wang Lin, am I also fake…”

She stood beside Wang Lin’s mother. It was as if they were mother and daughter as they calmly looked at Wang Lin.

“Ten Thousand Illusion Heavenly Devil Dao…” Wang Lin looked at the familiar figures before him and his eyes revealed pain. He closed his eyes and softly said, “The Ten Thousand Illusion Heavenly Devil Dao is like the heavenly devil; it invades the body and ignites one’s origin soul to burn the mind and body… Liu Mei, how much hatred is there between us for you to collect so much of my past…”

Every figure around him suddenly turned into green smoke and rushed into Wang Lin’s body.
