Chapter 680

Wang Lin opened his eyes, but they were filled with clarity. Although they were still filled with pain, it was as if he had seen through the world. It was truth that he had learned before, he should let go of those that were meant to disapear…

He raid his right hand and a strand of mist appeared over it. This mist was all the smoke that had entered his body. His origin soul contained part of the ancient thunder dragon, so it contained the power of the heavenly thunder. This Ten Thousand Illusion Heavenly Devil Dao wasn’t enough to cause his origin soul to burn.

Looking at the mist, Wang Lin pondered for a bit and then crushed it.

“Although your cultivation has been forcibly increased, your understanding of your domain isn’t enough. Ordinary people have a saying, to spoil things through excessive enthusiasm. That is your fatal weakness!”

At the moment he crushed it, a muffled groan came from the void. Following that, Liu Mei’s figure appeared in the distance. Her face was pale as she stared at Wang Lin. Her eyes filled with hatred and she hissed, “You are indeed Wang Lin, someone with a ruthless heart.”

“I’m not the who is ruthless, it’s you!” Wang Lin’s eyes revealed bare killing intent.

“I focused my life on dao, but you used the domain soul to break my virgin body. How do you explain this?!” Liu Mei’s voice cracked. All the calmness from before disappeared and the hatred in her eyes became even stronger.

Wang Lin frowned. This was a memory he didn’t want to recall. His eyes became cold and he softly said, “You were the first to act. Also, the matter with the domain soul was an accident.”

“Accident…” Liu Mei began to laugh. Her laugh grew louder until it was filled with vileness. She could keep her Ten Thousand Illusion Heavenly Devil Dao mentality before everyone. However, when it came to the person before her, she couldn’t.

“You answered me saying it was an accident, then I’ll give you another accident!” There was a hint of complex pain inside her hatred. She touched her bag of holding.

Wang Lin frowned. The celestial guard suddenly appeared before him and stepped toward Liu Mei.

Liu Mei’s right hand lifted from the bag of holding and the storage bag opened. A black mist rushed out from inside the bag and a monsterous resentment burst forth.

This resentment was heaven-shaking, and the sky darken as if it covered by clouds. Large vortexes began to slowly rotate in the sky.

The resentment was too powerful. As it spread out, the ghostly wails began to appear within five kilometers as if they were in the realm of ghosts.

A burst of sharp shrills exploded from the black mist. The black mist was too fast even for divine sense to lock on to. It suddenly charged out past the celestial guard directly toward Wang Lin.

Wang Lin’s expression was neutral as he stared at the black light. At the moment it closed in, he stabbed his finger forth like a sword and created a gust of wind. This wind blew away the black mist, revealing a pair of dark eyes.

The moment Wang Lin’s eyes fell on that pair of black eyes, he was startled. The eyes were completely cloudy; there was no light, only monstrous resentment.

However, at the moment Wang Lin saw that pair of eyes, his mind shook and a feeling of harmony filled his body. It was as if ten thousand thunderclaps had exploded in Wang Lin’s ears, causing his own body to tremble. He subconsciously withdrew his finger, took a few step back, and stared at the black mist.

“This… This is…” A terrible pain appeared inside Wang Lin’s heart and immediately filled his body. He looked at the black mist, and his eyes suddenly turned red. He waved his right hand, causing the celestial guard to immediately return. It became a large shadow that surrounded the black mist, preventing it from doing anything.

Wang Lin’s face was filled with ferocity as he shouted at Liu Mei, “What is inside there?!”

Liu Mei revealed a smile, but her eyes were filled with pain. She then looked at Wang Lin with a wider smile. “You don’t recognize it? No, with your cultivation, you should be able to recognize it.”

“There is a legend among mortals. If a person loses several children, the souls of those children will not dissipate, they will always follow you and watch you. They will seem to be saying something, but you won’t be able to hear. It won’t be until the moment of your death that you finally hear them ask ‘Daddy, why don’t you want me…’”

Liu Mei’s voice was a bit strange; there was even a trace of madness within.

“I refined this child inside my body for a century until he finally became a resentful spirit. When he gained consciousness, I kept telling him that it was his father who abandoned him. His father is called Wang Lin!

“Wang Lin, you ruined by dao heart, ruined my domain, and took my body. If all of that was an accident, then let me repay you with a special magical treasure!”

Wang Lin silently pondered, He was in complete silence. It was as if all the life in his body had been drained away and the only thing that remained was endless death.

There was no shock like the tens of thousands of thunderclaps exploding in his mind when he found out that there was hope in reviving Li Muwan. There was no outburst of madness like when he faced Teng Huayuan There was only extreme focus, like when he faced a crisis.

Wang Lin only silently pondered. He was so silent that it was terrifying.

It was as if the heavens had stopped, the earth had stopped. It was as if everything in the heavens and earth had froze due to the stop spell. Everything became silent.

Looking at the black mist surrounded by the shadow created by the celestial guard, Wang Lin’s eyes seemed to be able to pierce through, and he saw a weak figure.

That powerful resentment wasn’t able to stop Wang Lin’s gaze.

After an unknown amount of time, Wang Lin softly said, “Thank you…”

Liu Mei was startled as she stared at Wang Lin and snapped, “Wang Lin, does your heart not ache!?!”

Wang Lin didn’t even look at Liu Mei. He only looked at the figure inside the mist and softly said, “If you can refine him into a resentful spirit, then I can change him back even if it takes thousands of years…. Tens of thousands of years… Thank you for returning him to me…”

All of this was completely outside of Liu Mei’s expectations. She sneered and said, “He can’t recover. To make him completely become a resentful spirit, I…”

Before Liu Mei finished speaking, Wang Lin softly said, “If I say it’s possible, then it’s possible!” His gaze withdrew from the mist and fell on Liu Mei. His eyes were no longer calm but filled with unimaginable killing intent. Aside from Teng Huayuan, Wang Lin had never felt so much killing intent toward someone!

“Now it is your turn!”

Wang Lin’s voice wasn’t cold, but it made the surroundings suddenly seem to enter winter. He took a step forward and pressed down his right thumb. The Underworld Finger suddenly appeared.

There was a loud bam in the sky as the underworld river appeared once more and fused with Wang Lin’s finger. The Underworld Finger formed by the underworld river flew out and charged straight at Liu Mei.

Liu Mei retreated. As she did so, she slapped her bag of holding and a large, old mirror appeared in her hand. This was a treasure that the Huan family’s ancestor had gifted her, a low quality celestial treasure!

When the Underworld Finger fell on the mirror, it caused an earth-shattering explosion. At the same time, Wang Lin stepped forward and the Seven Star Sword Formation surrounded Liu Mei. Wang Lin let out a shout and seven rays of sword energy flew out.

Wang Lin calmly said, “A fake late stage Ascendant cultivator with only celestial spiritual energy and no domain isn’t even a match for a mid stage Ascendant cultivator!” The finger of death appeared and closed in on Liu Mei along with the Seven Star Sword Formation.

The sword energy closed in, causing Liu Mei’s expression to change greatly. Feeling a sense of crisis, she bit the tip of her tongue. Blood flew out of her mouth along with an object. It was a blade needle.

The moment the needle appeared, it immediately circled Liu Mei and blocked the Seven Star Sword Formation. Even the finger of death was pierced by this needle.

“The fourth soul!” Wang Lin coldly looked at it, and his eyes became even colder. He raised his right hand and gently pointed at the needle.

“Stop!”

The black needle suddenly paused. As it struggled, Wang Lin took a step forward and arrived before Liu Mei. His right hand mercilessly pressed down between her eyebrows.

Liu Mei let out a miserable groan and a large amount of black gas came out from between her eyebrows. Then she immediately retreated. Her eyes were filled with horror. Although Wang Lin’s cultivation was only at the early stage of Ascendant, his various spells and treasures were extremely shocking.

“You want to run?” Wang Lin took another step forward, and his two fingers formed a sword. A part of the thunder in his origin soul condensed at the tip of his finger, ready to take this vicious woman’s life.

The shadow of death surrounded Liu Mei’s body and mind, and her expression was deathly pale. Wang Lin’s finger had injured her origin soul earlier. If it wasn’t for the fact that she had a lot of celestial spiritual energy in her body, she probably would have died already.

Liu Mei shrilled, “Li Er!”

Wang Lin frowned and saw the black mist surrounded by the celestial guard begin to churn violently. It let out shrill cries that were like swords that charged toward Wang Lin and tore his heart.

Wang Lin’s eyes revealed a trace of sadness, but he stabbed forward without any hesitation. His finger rushed out like a bolt of lightning toward Liu Mei.

Just at the moment of danger, Liu Mei’s eyes were filled with despair, but a vortex suddenly appeared before her. This vortex was pitch black as if it was surrounded by clouds.

A slightly withered arm came out from the vortex and casually pressed against Wang Lin’s finger.

With a loud bang, Wang Lin’s body flew back like a meteor. His expression became pale and he coughed out a large mouthful of blood, but his eyes were filled with a monstrous cold light.

“Eh, not dead?” An ancient void came from the vortex. The withered arm grabbed Liu Mei and dragged her directly into the vortex.

“You save her and the Huan family will be wiped out!” Wang Lin’s voice was like the freezing winter wind as he stared at the vortex. He was clear that the only person who could rescue Liu Mei right now was the Huan family’s ancestor.

As he spoke, Wang Lin stepped forward and condensed Ling Tianhou’s sword energy without any hesitation. His finger pointed out like a flash of lightning and the sword energy charged directly at the vortex.

“Arrogant junior, even though you have a Yin and Yang stage puppet, you are still no match for this old man. Seeing that you and Huan Mei have a past, this old man won’t get involved in your grudge. However, if you continue to this, then this old man won’t spare you!” said the ancient voice in the vortex. He grabbed Liu Mei and completely entered the vortex.

However, at that moment, Ling Tianhou’s sword energy had charged through the vortex directly toward the Huan family’s ancestor on the other side.
