Chapter 681

Ling Tianhou’s sword energy was peerless. The moment it appeared, sword energy filled the heavens and earth. It charged out like a bolt of lightning and entered the vortex.

It chased after the Huan family’s ancestor.

The vortex immediately collapsed as the sword energy entered it, then the Huan family ancestor let out a muffled groan.

At this moment, inside the Huan family’s home in the far away planet Thousand Illusion, the Huan family’s ancestor was sitting in room with a huge vortex before him. The vortex seemed to turn solid and then shattered inch by inch.

At the moment it completely shattered, a white light wrapped around Liu Mei and brought her back through the vortex. After entering the room, the light threw Liu Mei aside as it had no time to care about her right now. There was a trace of anxiety coming from the light as it quickly rushed back into the Huan family’s ancestor’s body.

The Huan family’s ancestor suddenly opened his eyes, revealing a hint of horror within them. Without any hesitation, he raised his right hand, mercilessly slammed it down on the vortex, and softly said, “Shatter!”

Earlier, his origin soul had left his body and used a spell to cross through space. At first he didn’t care about Wang Lin at all. When he stopped Wang Lin’s attack, he intended to take Wang Lin’s life.

However, when he stopped that finger, he clearly felt his power enter Wang Lin’s origin soul, but it was destroyed. He could only hurt Wang Lin and not kill him.

This surprised him, and at the next moment, he saw the celestial guard puppet. The puppet’s Yin and Yang stage cultivation shocked the Huan family’s ancestor greatly. He knew that he was in a very weakened state and that his cultivation had dropped to the Yin and Yang stage. Although he knew that he could win against the puppet, fighting it would cause his cultivation to drop once more.

Also, Wang Lin’s origin soul was obviously very strange, which made him worry. If his cultivation hadn’t dropped, he wouldn’t have worried at all and would’ve directly killed Wang Lin.

Even so, he didn’t take Wang Lin’s cold words to heart. Even if Wang Lin had the celestial guard puppet, he also had his own backup.

This was why he took Liu Mei and quickly left after leaving behind some vicious words.

Liu Mei was someone who he had spent a lot of effort on. Aside from the what he said to the public, there were also private reasons. He wouldn’t allow anyone to kill her before she reached the second step.

However, the Huan family’s ancestor could have never guessed that Wang Lin would send out a ray of sword energy. At first, he didn’t consider it a threat, but when it closed in, the sword energy actually caused the vortex his origin soul was in to collapse. This shocked his heart greatly and made him gasp.

If it was merely the vortex shattering, it would have been fine, but the sword energy wasn’t damaged at all, and it charged directly at his origin soul. The power of this sword energy made the Huan family’s ancestor’s scalp go numb.

When he sensed its power, he vaguely felt the power of a Nirvana Cleanser cultivator. This terrifying aura made him feel aghast in his heart. He didn’t dare to confront it and ran away in panic.

He used the fastest speed an origin soul could use and brought Liu Mei back through the vortex. Then he immediately returned to his body and tried to break the vortex completely so that the sword energy would be trapped in the void.

At this instant, the vortex completely collapsed into specks of dust. The Huan family’s ancestor let out a breath of relief, but his expression immediately changed and he cursed in his heart. He suddenly got up, grabbed Liu Mei, and quickly retreated.

A ray of golden light suddenly charged out of the vortex at the moment of its collapse.

At the moment it appeared, countless rays of sword energy appeared in the secret room. An explosion that shocked the entire planet suddenly echoed across the land.

The Huan family’s secret room exploded from the pressure of the sword energy and created a shock wave. The shock wave collapsed the buildings in its path and kicked up a dust storm. The Huan family’s ancestor charged out of the dust. He was in shock and in a sorry state as he grabbed Liu Mei and escaped.

“Damn it, how could that junior that knew Liu Mei have a ray of sword energy like this!?! What kind of crazy Nirvana Cleanser senior would give sword energy like this to a junior in the first step? This is completely bullying!!!” the Huan family’s ancestor cursed in his heart. It wasn’t that he couldn’t withstand it, but he was in a weakened state and his cultivation had fallen. He was afraid his cultivation would become even more unstable if he tried to withstand that sword energy.

After the secret chamber collapsed, the sword energy charged out and headed straight for the Huan family’s ancestor. This sword energy contained Ling Tianhou’s tyrannical domain. At this moment, it was as if the entire heavens and earth were filled with this tyrannical aura.

The sword energy grew more powerful, almost reaching the peak of its power. The moment the sword energy appeared, the entire world seemed to pause!

This pause made it seem like time had completely stopped. The clouds changed and the wind rewinded. It created a rare scene where the clouds seemed like the receding tide. All of the powerful cultivators on planet Thousand Illusion felt this sword energy, and the sky suddenly darkened!

The moment the sword energy appeared, the heavens and earth were filled with sword energy. The domain coming from the sword energy was simply too overbearing. It was as if every other spell in the world had to make way for it and couldn’t steal its momentum!

This kind of tyranny was the heavens’ might!

The sword energy flew across the sky in a ray of bright light. It transformed into the sharpest point in the world as it chased after the Huan family’s ancestor.

The sword energy was too fast. You could dodge, you could flee, but the domain on the sword energy would become even stronger. The tyrannical domain becomes stronger the weaker you are.

The Huan family’s ancestor’s expression was gloomy as he threw Liu Mei backward. His hand formed a seal and there was a flash of white light. His dao was the Ten Thousand Illusion Identitless Dao. It could also put everything in the world in an illusion, but in his hands, it was even more special.

The white light shined brightly on his finger as his dao intent increased like crazy. The Huan family’s ancestor activated all the origin energy inside his body to gather in his finger and then mercilessly pointed forward.

The burst of white light charged out and collided with Ling Tianhou’s sword energy. An earth-shattering explosion spread across planet Thousand Illusion. The white light dissipated and the sword energy charged out. It moved like lightning as it entered the Huan family’s ancestor’s body through his finger.

The Huan family’s ancestor’s body trembled and his expression immediately became pale. The horror in his eyes became even stronger, and now he thought of what the junior had said before.

“You save her and the Huan family will be wiped out!”

Earlier, he completely ignored those words, but now they were like thunder exploding in his ears. If that person had this kind of sword energy, he didn’t doubt that person’s ability to wipe out his Huan family.

What made him even more terrified was the thought of how many sword energies like this that person had.

“If that person has more than six rays of that sword energy, then unless I can recover my Nirvana Scryer cultivation, I’ll definitely die! That is not the most terrifying part; what is truly terrifying is the owner of the sword energy… To be able to give this kind of sword energy to a junior like this means that they are very close. Maybe even a direct descendant…” The Huan family’s ancestor’s scalp went numb. Even with his mental strength, he couldn’t help but feel fear.

Although he was the Huan family’s ancestor and his cultivation had reached the Nirvana Scryer stage, that just meant that he was even more aware of the terror of a Nirvana Cleanser. The second step of cultivation was very different from the first step.

In the first step, if one had some heaven defying treasures or powerful spells, it was possible to challenge someone with higher cultivation level. Although it was rare, it wasn’t impossible. In fact, if the magical treasure or spell were used well, one could even directly kill someone with higher cultivation level.

However, it was impossible for someone to beat someone else with higher cultivation level at the second step. Every single level was the difference between heaven and earth.

No need to speak of the difference between Nirvana Scryer and Nirvana Cleanser. Just the difference between early stage and mid stage Nirvana Scryer was already a gap that couldn’t be crossed. Just the sword energy of a Nirvana Cleanser was able to make him dread so much, so one could see the difference.

At this moment, the best choice was to hand over Liu Mei. The Huan family’s ancestor looked at Liu Mei, who was filled with loss, and immediately gave up the idea.

“This person knew Liu Mei, so he must be from the Alliance Star System. No matter how strong his master is, without an Allheaven Stone, he can’t enter this star system unless he has his own transfer array. However, even then, by the time his master gets here, this matter will no longer be between just me and him, it will be a war between two star systems. At that time, powerful experts from the Thunder Celestial Hall will come out.

“After all, once this old man’s plan for Liu Mei succeeds, perhaps this old man’s cultivation will have reached the Nirvana Cleanser stage too. If not, I should still be able to reach the peak of the late stage of Nirvana Scryer.”

After making up his mind, the Huan family’s ancestor immediately spread out his divine sense across the entire planet.

“Old friend of the Qian family, Brother Xu, I have a request…”

On planet Ran Yun, Wang Lin stared at the collapsed vortex and withdrew his gaze. His gaze landed on the black mist surrounded by the celestial guard. Bursts of tender cries came out from inside the black mist.

Every cry was like a sharp sword that stabbed into Wang Lin’s heart.

Wang Lin’s eyes revealed a trace of pain as he looked at the black mist. Whenever the pair of cloudy eyes met Wang Lin’s eyes, they would release thick resentment.

“This is my child… This is my direct descendant in this world…”

Wang Lin slowly walked into the shadow created by the celestial guard to surround the puppet. He had a hint of softness in his eyes. He hesitated a bit before raising his right hand and reaching into the mist.

The resentful spirit didn’t hesitate to bite down on Wang Lin’s finger. The sharp teeth tore through his skin and the cold, resentful aura immediately entered Wang Lin’s body through the wound.

Wang Lin didn’t withdraw his hand. His eyes were still gentle as he quietly looked at the child that was constantly sucking his blood.

“It will be alright. Your name is Li Er… Li is not a good word, so let’s change it to… Ping. From now on, your name will be Wang Ping… I hope your life will be calm and safe, unlike mine…”
