Chapter 684

“Thunder Celestial Temple!” This was not the first time Wang Lin had heard this name. He looked at the Thunder Beast thoughtfully before stepping into planet Thousand Illusion.

After putting away the the star compass, he penetrated planet Thousand Illusion’s atmosphere. What appeared before Wang Lin was a large landmass. He spread out his divine sense and locked on to the south. He then charged toward there like a meteor.

Inside the Huan family’s ancestral home in the southern part of the planet, the Huan family’s ancestor, Huan Wuqing, had his hands behind his back. He looked up at the sky with a gloomy expression. Beside him were the direct descendants of the Huan family. They were standing in two lines and were all completely silent.

However, they revealed a hint of dissatisfaction, but they were holding it back.

Liu Mei was also standing next to the Huan family’s ancestor. She was silently looking up at the sky, and no one knew what she was thinking.

As for other family members, they were arranged in various rooms. Not all family members were here because some weren’t able to make it back in time.

The Huan family’s ancestor looked at the sky and said, in a serious tone, “Huan Mei, this old man will ask you once more: are you sure that this person came from the Alliance Star System like you?”

Liu Mei nodded slightly and remained silent.

“How could someone from the Alliance Star System have a Thunder Beast…” Even Huan Wuqing was extremely puzzled by this matter.

He didn’t know that the creator of the god slaying war chariot had many friends. In order to refine the god slaying war chariot’s beast soul, he ran off to the Thunder Celestial Realm and used some unknown method to obtain several Thunder Beasts from the Thunder Celestial Realm’s Emperor.

At this moment, under the gaze of the Huan family’s ancestor, a thunderbolt came from the distant horizon and a meteor broke through the sky toward the Huan family. It was Wang Lin! And beside him was the Thunder Beast. The beast snorted and lightning moved through its body as it stared at the Huan family with its fierce eyes.

The light dissipated as Wang Lin stepped out. Below him was the Huan family’s ancestral home’s formation.

The Huan family’s ancestral home was very large; from a distance, it looked like a city. It was black as if it was imitating the ancient home of a fierce primal beast.

“Hand over Liu Me!” Wang Lin’s voice was icy cold. His chilled gaze fell on Liu Mei, who was next to the Huan family’s ancestor.

Liu Mei’s eyes revealed a complex emotion. She turned her head as if she wasn’t willing to face Wang Lin.

“Arrogant!” The Huan family’s ancestor’s eyes lit up and he shouted, “Junior, break my Huan family’s formation before saying those words!”

Wang Lin’s expression was still cold as he patted the Thunder Beast’s head. The Thunder Beast immediately let out a roar that created countless bolts of lightning. The world was filled with thunderbolts.

The sky immediately became cold and a large amount of dark clouds began to form. As the Thunder Beast continued to roar, a large amount of lightning began crackling through the clouds.

The Thunder Beast’s four limbs moved and its entire body started emitting lightning. It suddenly let out a thunderous roar that caused more lightning to appear in the sky before it all fell like crazy on the Huan family’s ancestral home.

A series of explosions echoed across the world at this moment. The thunderbolts seemed to have descended from heavens as they descended on the formation.

The Huan family’s protection formation immediately began to shine as large amount of ripples appeared on it. It absorbed a large amount of lightning and dissipated the rest.

Wang Lin’s eyes became even colder. He bit the tip of this finger, causing a drop of blood to fly toward the Thunder Beast’s eyebrows.

“Seal, open!”

After it heard Wang Lin’s cold words, the Thunder Beast’s body immediately trembled. At the same time, the power of thunder exploded forth from the beast’s body, creating a thunderstorm.

This storm was so big that it affected the clouds in the sky. Bolts of lightning and thunder came toward the storm, forming a net around it.

“Break the formation!” Wang Lin let out a roar and the power of the Thunder Beast reached its peak. At this moment, a large amount of sand and gravel was floating in the air as if a mysterious power had surrounded the world.

In addition, even the Huan family members inside the formation felt the boundless power, causing their expressions to turn pale. Some of them were very knowledgeable, so they were able to recognize the Thunder Beast at a glance, and their expressions changed greatly.

“Ancestor this… this is the Thunder Beast!”

Earlier, Qian Kuizi’s message was only for the Huan family’s ancestor, so they didn’t know about the existence of the Thunder Beast.

“Ancestor, the Thunder Beast represents the Thunder Celestial Temple. Ancestor, think twice about this!”

“Ancestor, to cause a disaster for our Huan family just for an outsider is wrong!”

The direct descendants finally couldn’t stand it any longer after the Thunder Beast’s roar and voiced their complaints. They had been holding it in since Liu Mei arrived, then it reached its peak during the bloodline ritual, and at this moment, it exploded.

“All of you, shut up!” The Huan family’s ancestor’s eyes narrowed and he coldly looked at the surrounding direct descendants.

At this moment, the storm formed by the Thunder Beast arrived, and the Thunder Beast crashed down on the formation. Earlier, it was just lightning descending from the sky, and that only caused the formation to light up. Now, at the moment the Thunder Beast charged, it was as if all of the heavenly thunder had fused into one and charged over.

The force of the impact was extremely powerful. At this moment, the dark clouds became even more dense and sand and gravel flew into the sky. It was as if the only thing that existed was the Thunder Beast and the thunderstorm it brought with it.

The Thunder Beast’s roar echoed across the heavens and earth. It was extremely shocking. It suddenly slammed into the formation.

A thundering sound that echoed across the entire planet exploded forth at this moment!

Boom!

The thunderstorm formed by the Thunder Beast turned into countless lightning bolts that constantly struck the Huan family’s formation. At the center of the storm, the Thunder Beast was like a spike that caused the formation to concave down due to its impact.

The sound of lightning and thunder echoed across the heavens and earth. It was as if the heavens were angry. In the Qian family’s home, Qian Kuizi sneered.

The Huan family members’ expressions were all pale. Aside from the Huan family’s ancestor, everyone was starting to panic.

The people of the Allheaven Star System grew up under the Thunder Celestial Temple, so they had unimaginable awe and respect for thunder spells. At this moment, when facing the attack of the Thunder Beast that represented the Thunder Celestial Temple, what began to panic wasn’t their cultivation but their hearts.

The thunderous roars of the thunderstorm didn’t stop and continued to give off a large amount of thunderbolts, destroying the formation. However, this was, after all, the great formation of the Huan family, so its power was amazing. Even under this kind of attack, it still stood there without any signs of breaking.

The Huan family’s ancestor’s expression was gloomy as he stared at Wang Lin outside the formation and thought, “Use the sword energy! Otherwise, this formation will not be so easily broken. Only after you use up your sword energy will I attack and kill you!”

As the thunderstorm created by the Thunder Beast continued to attack, the shadow under Wang Lin flickered. The celestial guard appeared, took a step forward, and threw a punch.

This punch seemed to replace all the light in the world, as it released a dazzling, golden glow. At this moment, even the thunder seemed to dim somewhat.

Boom!

The celestial guard’s punch landed on the formation and caused a crunching sound. The thunderstorm and celestial guard continued to attack the formation. However, countless ripples appeared on the formation and dissipated all the power.

The celestial guard withdrew his fist and without pause threw another punch. Shortly after, the celestial guard created countless afterimages as it threw one punch after another. The fists fell like rain on the formation. The Thunder Beast let out a roar and lightning filled its body before it showed off its might once more.

The loud rumbling echoed across the heavens and earth. The faces of the Huan family members became even more gloomy.

“Ancestor!” A low voice came from the front of the Huan family direct descendants.

The Huan family’s ancestor frowned. If it was an ordinary family member, he could ignore them, but this person’s identity was a bit special. The Huan family’s ancestor turned around to look at the person who spoke.

The person who spoke was the Huan family’s head, Huan Fengshen!

Huan Wuqing said, in a low tone, “Fengshen, are you against me too?”

“Fengshen doesn’t dare, Ancestor. Regardless of whether this person is from the Thunder Celestial Temple or not, he possesses a Thunder Beast and an Illusory Yin puppet. I want to ask, Ancestor, is he someone we should be making friends with, or should we be fighting to the death with him?”

Huan Fengshen’s eyes were bright. He looked at the Huan family’s ancestor without flinching and said, “Making friends with him would give our family an extra friend, but what benefit would we gain from fighting with him to the death? Just to protect a foreign family member? Her cultivation has been forcibly raised to the late stage of Ascendant and her domain can’t keep up. Even if she breaks through in her life, she will stop at the Yin and Yang stage. I understand Ancestor’s thoughts, but just for your own desire, this risk perhaps is somewhat too big!”

Liu Mei showed no expression toward all of this. She just silently looked ahead with dull eyes.

The Huan family’s ancestor’s expression was gloomy as he looked at Huan Fengshen. After pondering for a while, he flatly said, “I know how to handle the situation!”

Huan Fengshen let out sigh and clasped his hands. “Since Ancestor insists, then Fengshen doesn’t dare to disobey. If this person can’t break the formation, all is well. However, once he breaks it, I’ll immediately retreat, just in case! What I want is stability and not risk!”

The Huan family’s formation continued to shine, and ripples appeared everywhere. Under the constant barrage of attacks, it gradually began to show signs of decline. The light seemed to have reached its limit and the ripples seem to cover the entire formation. One couldn’t even clearly see outside the formation anymore; it was as if there was a layer of water separating the inside and outside.

The thunder from the Thunder Beast and the punches from the celestial guard reached their peak. At this moment, Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he slapped his bag of holding. A large sword suddenly appeared in his hand!

This sword was the rain celestial sword. Zhou Yi separated it from the other rain celestial swords, so now it belonged to Wang Lin to be inherited for eternity!

The sharp sword energy extended out three inches from the sword, and it was like a drawn bow. Waves of pressure came from it. In Wang Lin’s hand, it seemed to become one with the world, because Wang Lin was its true owner!

Wang Lin’s eyes were calm as he held the celestial sword and leaned forward.

“Heaven Chop!”
