Chapter 685

Wealth, the first sword that Wang Lin obtained at the Heng Yue Sect. It seemed that the moment the youth held that sword, everything in the future had been decided.

Hundreds of years of karma flashed by from when he lost it to when he regained it.

Wealth contained a soul technique of the previous generation’s rain celestial sword spirit. This soul technique was not a celestial spell, a dao spell, or even an ability. It was a sword style!

A powerful sword style that inherited the ancient sword intent!

Wang Lin’s held the celestial sword and looked at the formation that the Thunder Beast and celestial guard were constantly attacking. When the formation looked like it couldn’t withstand another hit, he lifted the celestial sword. The calmness in his eyes were gone and it was replaced with a ray of sword light!

At this moment, his entire body merged with the sword in his hand.

The celestial sword rose!

And it fell!

This simple fall caused the heavens and earth to fall into darkness. Even the the celestial guard and the Thunder Beast seemed to disappear at this moment.

In the entire world, there was only this simple fall of the sword!

This sword seemed like it was going to open the world, like it was about to tear through the chaos of the world. This sword gave off no sword energy or celestial spiritual energy, but this simple sword would shake the soul of anyone who saw it.

The first to react was the Huan family’s ancestor. His eyes jerked wide open, revealing a look of shock, and he exclaimed, “This… This is law!”

It was as if the heavens and earth were being torn apart. This sound of tearing echoed in his mind! The dim heavens and earth seemed like they really were being torn apart!

Not only him, but Huan Fengshen sucked in a breath of cold air.

A monstrous killing intent came from the sword the moment it fell. The killing intent spread like crazy as it tore through Huan Fengshen’s eyes and imprinted in his mind.

Huan Fengshen’s body suddenly stiffened.

“This… This is…” Huan Fengshen’s mind trembled. It was as if a sword had just pierced between his eyebrows and came out from the top of his head. He subconsciously took several steps back. With his late stage Ascendant cultivation, he wasn’t able to see the law of the sword. However, he clearly felt that at the moment the sword fell, it seemed to contain a heavenly law, but even more, it contained the power to tear the heavens.

Bang bang, bang bang, bang bang! Huan Fengshen could clearly feel his own heartbeat speed up. He had the illusion that he was going to collapse with the world.

All of the Huan family direct descendants that were originally looking at the sky were filled with shock. That simple fall made them feel like they were part of it all, as if the fall of the sword that tore the world a part had torn them apart too. They were immediately covered in cold sweat.

With their cultivation, they had no idea why it was like this, why they had such feelings even with the formation protecting them. The other party had simply lowered his sword. The fear of death began spread at this instant.

Not only them, even the eyes of Qian Kuizi, who had been watching with his divine sense, shined brightly. He was inside the secret chamber of the Qian family’s home, and he suddenly stood up.

“Law! That sword strike contains law! The pursuit of the second step is law! The first step is understanding the heavens, and the second step is converting that understanding into the power of laws. If this child is not someone from the Thunder Celestial Temple, how could he display such a sword strike?!”

At the same time, a member of the Xu family noticed this scene. An old man from the Xu family was also watching the battle at the Huan family’s home with his divine sense. Previously, he had come to an agreement with the Huan family to provide help. He had lifted his foot to leave, but at this moment, he gently put it down.

“This child’s sword style is very strong. Although I’m not afraid of it, since he dared to challenge the Huan family, he must still have moves prepared!”

The sword fell, and at this moment, all of the sound in the world disappeared. The Huan family’s formation collapsed without any real contact or blow landing on it.

After withdrawing the sword, Wang Lin’s expression was pale. However, his gaze became even colder as he stared at the Huan family below him.

The impact the Heaven Chop had on the body was great, and it had nothing to do with cultivation. It relied on the origin energy from a close integration of the origin soul and the body!

An Ascendant cultivator’s origin soul and origin energy are fused into one. However, the Heaven Chop can separate a part of that origin energy. An Ascendant cultivator only has a fixed amount of origin energy, and once too much is lost, their cultivation regresses. Fortunately, Wang Lin had Zhou Yi’s Ascendant Crystal, so he had a bit more origin energy than most cultivators.

The Huan family was completely silent. Huan Wuqing’s gaze was even more gloomy as he looked at Wang Lin and coldly said, “I underestimated you. To have such a sword style at only the Ascendant stage, you are indeed very strong!

“However, the gap between the first step and second step is too wide. If you had displayed that sword art with second step cultivation, it might have been interesting, but it is useless right now! Today you broke my Huan family’s formation, so you will without a doubt die!”

“Please, ancestral jade!” The Huan famliy’s ancestor let out a loud shout. A powerful force suddenly came from the Huan family’s ancestral home. This force, which was filled with a sense of unity, spread like a celestial wind and surrounded the Huan family.

A golden jade slowly floated into the air from a house nearby. This force of unity was coming from this jade.

At the moment the jade appeared, it was as if a separate world had been carved out from the planet. It allowed the Huan family’s ancestral home to become its own realm.

The Huan family’s ancestor stared at Wang Lin and revealed a sneer. Unless he had to, he wouldn’t personally act, because he was too afraid of Wang Lin’s sword energy. Earlier, when he asked Qian Kuizi to help, it was to waste Wang Lin’s sword energy.

The Huan family’s formation was meant to do the same.

However, he would never have imagined that Qian Kuizi would actually retreat instead of battling. The family’s formation was broken not by the sword energy but by the combined force of the Thunder Beast, the puppet, and the law from the sword.

Now he could only clench his teeth and call out the jade that their celestial ancestor had left them. This jade contained a spell of the celestial ancestor from the Thunder Celestial Realm. The Huan family was able to reach the status they had today because of this jade and a treasure left behind by the celestial ancestor.

Huan Wuqing thought, “Unfortunately, the celestial treasure disappeared along with Huan Wuxiang several thousand years ago. Otherwise, with that celestial treasure, there would be no need to call out the jade!”

The powerful force from the jade was like a gentle, spring breeze. It also gave off a bright color. After an instant, the jade seemed to melt, then it took the shape of a person. Although one couldn’t clearly see the person’s features, it gave off a sense of majesty.

“The power of the Huan family’s celestial jade is unpredictable. Rumor has it that the celestial ancestor of the Huan family had cultivation equal to a Nirvana Scryer. I wonder how the Thunder Celestial Temple messenger will deal with this. However, this is strange; why doesn’t he just take out the treasure the ancestor left behind instead of calling out the jade.” Qian Kuizi’s eyes were bright as he watched with his divine sense.

Inside the Xu family’s home, the old man smiled and muttered, “The Huan family’s celestial treasure was taken by the other ancestor of the Huan family. The celestial ancestor of the Huan family left behind a decent treasure. However, he would never have thought that the treasure would get a second step cultivator of the Huan family killed.”

Inside the Huan family’s ancestral home, at the moment the jade appeared, Huan Fengshen stared at Wang Lin. He couldn’t see any trace of panic on Wang Lin’s face.

Seeing that Hua Wuqing was about to activate the spell on the jade, Huan Fengshen revealed a decisive gaze. He took a step forward and said, in a serious tone, “Ancestor, I will not let the Huan family participate in this matter. I’m taking the Huan family and backing out of his matter. If Ancestor wants to protect this Huan Mei, then it is your personal problem. Please don’t drag down the entire Huan family!”

As he spoke, he raised his head toward Wang Lin and clasped his hands. “Fellow Cultivator, I’m the Huan family’s head, Huan Fengshen. Just as I said now, the Huan family will not participate in this matter. It is your personal grudge with Huan Wuqing. I hope Fellow Cultivator can understand that we are not together!”

The Huan family’s ancestor coldly looked at Huan Fengshen. The corners of his mouth revealed a grim expression as he looked at the direct descendants and said, “And you guys?”

The surrounding Huan family direct descendants all silently pondered for a bit before walking to Huan Fengshen.

The Huan family’s ancestor let out a grim smile as he coldly looked at the crowd and slowly said, “A bunch of trash!” With that, he looked up at Wang Lin. His right hand formed a seal and then he shouted, “Good Fortune Jade, kill this person!”

The figure formed by the jade began to walk step by step toward Wang Lin. As the person moved, an unimaginable amount of celestial spiritual energy burst forth from him. This celestial spiritual energy was very dense and completely suppressed the spiritual energy on planet Thousand Illusion. This caused explosions to pop up everywhere. This wasn’t just happening here, it was happening all over the planet.

The celestial guard puppet appeared next to Wang Lin in a flash. The Thunder Beast did the same.

Wang Lin looked at the figure walking toward him. He felt like an illusion had appeared before him. It appeared as if the facial features of the person walking toward him were getting clearer. He was filled with a celestial aura as if he was a real celestial general.

Celestial spiritual energy filled this person’s body, and a sense of majesty descended. It looked at the world as if everyone were ants. One could even vaguely hear the echo of celestial songs around him.

The Huan family’s ancestor sneered. “Junior, I want to see what other methods you have besides the sword energy.”

At this moment, Liu Mei raised her head and looked at Wang Lin. Her eyes were still filled with complex emotions. She touched her bag of holding and then lowered her hands.

Wang Lin’s eyes were completely calm. He had dared to come here alone, dared to set foot on planet Thousand Illusion, and dared to kill his way to the Huan family. It was all because of that crazy idea he had. Right now this was his strongest killing move.

Thinking about the resentful spirit inside the heaven defying bead, Wang Lin’s heart felt a wave of pain.

“Things of this world can’t escape karma. The karmatic cause of yesterday will be the karmatic effect of today. Only by settling one’s karma and letting dirt return to dirt, letting dust return to dust, can a cycle be complete.” Wang Lin slowly closed his eyes.

In his origin soul, a decisive call echoed.

“This battle is over, I’m setting you free!”

A crazed laughter came out from Wang Lin’s origin soul.
