Chapter 689

The sky was blue like a spread out roll of satin silk. The few white clouds were like embellishment that made the blue silk even more beautiful.

Under the Quilian mountain, a small river extended down. It extended for several kilometers before entering a large river. In this placed lied a mountain village that was lush and filled with life.

“Back then, the water in this river was sweet and sometimes clouds appeared on Quilian peak. If someone could take a breath in the cloud, it was said their body would become very healthy and not get sick for ten years!” A youth’s voice came from the mountain village.

This youth was about fourteen or fifteen years old and looked very boorish. At this moment, he was talking to the seven or eight children before him about what happened five years ago.

“Look at me, have I ever been sick in all these years? It’s because my father took me to take a breath of the cloud. That taste, ah, it was so comfortable.” The youth was very proud as he gestured and spoke vividly.

Beside him, the seven or eight children all had their eyes wide open, revealing looks of excitement. It was obvious they were all engrossed by the story and all wished they could go suck a mouthful of that cloud.

“Wang Ping, out of all of us, you really are the one that needs to go suck a mouthful the most. Unfortunately, after the heavenly grandpa became angry, that cloud disappeared. If it was still there and your father took you up, you wouldn’t get sick for ten years.” The youth’s gaze fell on a boy in the crowd.

This boy was about five or six years old. His face was pale and his body was weak. He was a lot shorter than the other children, but he was very handsome. If it wasn’t for his sickly appearance, he would look as lovely as a porcelain doll. He was wearing a sweater, and his eyes were filled with excitement as he said, “Brother Zhou, I’ll ask my dad to take me there once I get home.”

The youth laughed and said, “Uncle Carpenter Wang is good at carving, but the clouds on Quilian peak are all gone now, so how can he take you? Listen to me, it’s better if you all learn from me and learn sword arts every day. This can help strength the body, and when we grow up, we can travel the martial world.”

The youth’s lofty ideals made the excitement in the other children’s eyes even stronger.

Just as the youth also became excited, various calls came from the village.

The youth raised his head and sighed. “OK, today’s martial arts assembly is now over. Once we finish dinner, we can begin once more.”

The children scattered with a hint of reluctance. The child called Wang Ping walked toward the village with excitement in his eyes. He would sometimes look back at Quilian peak.

As he walked, a burly man came from the village. This person was very large, and he was holding a military fork plus a bow and arrows and had a deer hanging over his shoulder.

The burly man saw the child and smiled. “Wang family’s little child, did you go with my family’s kid to have a martial arts assembly?”

The child shyly nodded and said, “Greetings, Uncle Zhou.”

The burly man’s smile became even wider. He rubbed the child’s head and laughed. “You are indeed the child of a craftsman. Not only are you more handsome, but you know more etiquette than that smelly kid of mine. You are about to go home, right? Let’s go, Uncle Zhou will go together with you. I need to discuss something with your dad.”

The child quickly nodded and led the burly man back to his home. Not long after, a simple house appeared in the northern end of the village. The child ran a few steps and shouted, “Dad, Uncle Zhou is here.”

A young man walked out from the house. This person looked very ordinary and had nothing special about him; he was not nearly as handsome as the child. When standing with the child, many people wouldn’t guess that they were father and son.

The youth was wearing coarse, linen clothes and his hand were filled with blisters. As he walked out the door, he smiled. “Big Brother Zhou, today’s harvest looks good.

The child ran into the room and took out a white steamed bun. He arrived next to the young man, pull up a wooden stool, sat down, and began to eat.

The burly man named Zhou put down the deer and laughed. “Brother Wang, I encountered this deer just as I was going up the mountain. The harvest was not bad.”

The young man faintly smiled gently. He touched the head of the child and laughed. “With Big Brother Zhou’s martial arts, it isn’t difficult to take down a deer.”

The burly man from the Zhou family laughed. “Brother Wang, the boy in my family is not small. In two more years, I’m going to build him a house and get a daughter in law. This house is about to be built and just lacks a set of furniture. I’ll have to bother Brother Wang for this.”’

Wang Lin smiled and said, “No problem. Big Brother Zhou can rest assured.”

The burly man from the Zhou family laughed. “OK, this deer will be the deposit.” With that, he turned around and left.

Just as he left, the child jumped off the stool. He quickly arrived next to the deer and examined it left and right.

“Dad, Uncle Zhou sure is powerful. He was able to hunt this kind of beast.”

The young man revealed a gentle gaze and smiled. “Don’t look at it now. Ping Er, it is time to take your medicine.”

The child sighed. He raised his head to look at the young man and said, “Dad, the medicine is very bitter…”

The young man came out of the room with a bowl filled with a white liquid. This liquid had no smell. The child frowned as he drank mouthfuls of the medicine. After he finished drinking, his little face was frowning hard. He quickly ran to the water barrel and drank a few times before finally dispelling the bitterness from his mouth.

“Dad, when can Ping Er stop drinking this medicine?” The child looked back at his father.

This father and child were Wang Lin and Wang Ping.

Wang Lin’s gaze was gentle as he softly said, “Soon.”

Late at night, the moonlight fell on earth as if a layer of silver silk had been thrown over the land. The coolness of the moonlight began to spread, causing the mountain village under Quilian peak to become silent.

Aside from a few weak barks, there were no other sounds.

Inside the room, Wang Ping had already fallen asleep. Although his little face was pale, he was sleeping well. His mouth revealed a smile; he was clearly having a good dream.

Wang Lin was sitting next to Wang Ping when thunder flashed between his eyebrows. He slowly raised his right hand and the thunder moved from his eyebrows to the tip of his right hand.

Wang Lin gently pressed his hand between Wang Ping’s eyebrows. The thunder instantly flowed through Wang Ping’s body. Black gas emerged from the child’s body and gathered on his skin.

The black gas gradually became even denser and churned under the thunder. Finally, it suddenly charged away from the child’s body and Wang Lin quickly raised his right hand to grab it. All of the black gas was caught and then condensed into a ball of black mist.

His right hand formed a fist and the ball of black mist was crushed.

Wang Ping’s face showed a bit of redness.

Looking at the child, Wang Lin let out a sigh. He covered the child again with the sheet that was kicked away and then walked out of the room.

Inside the courtyard, the moonlight fell on Wang Lin’s body. This gave his body a hint of the moonlight’s loneliness.

Wang Lin muttered to himself, “Five years…”

Five years ago, Wang Lin returned to planet Ran Yun and settled down in the Fallen Moon Village. The reason he chose this place was because this village was very similar to his hometown.

Wang Ping was that resentful spirit. Thanks to the pill Liu Mei left and the help of Wang Lin’s thunder spell, a lot of his resentment had dissipated, allowing him to be like a normal child.

However, if he didn’t take the medicine every day and get treated by Wang Lin, he would revert back to what he was before. There was an entire process to completely expel the resentfulness.

Wang Ping’s memory had been wiped clean by Wang Lin, and he was given a new life.

Inside this quiet village, Wang Lin’s heart also calmed down. He was far away from the slaughter and strife; there was only the calm-as-water life.

Wang Lin’s life was very stable.

He lived like his own father and survived off being a carpenter. It was his father’s wish. If he couldn’t pass the imperial exam, then he would become a carpenter and follow the footsteps of his father.

There were various carpentry tools in the yard. This was a portrait of his five years here.

Every time he saw Wang Ping go out to play with the children, Wang Lin would think back to when he was his age. He would do the same and wouldn’t come home until it was time to eat.

Under the moonlight, footsteps came from outside the courtyard. A staggering figure gradually approached.

“The child is asleep?” An ancient voice came, and following that, a slightly hunchback figure entered the courtyard.

Wang Lin slightly nodded but didn’t speak.

When the old figure entered the courtyard, the moonlight fell on his body. This person was Sun Tai.

Sun Tai looked even older; his face was filled with wrinkles. After Wang Lin had been here for three years, Sun Tai came. He was like a lonely old man who didn’t want to be alone when he leaves this world.

Sun Tai looked at the house under the moonlight with eyes filled with kindness. He didn’t know why, but he loved this child called Wang Ping a lot.

Sun Tai withdrew his gaze and slowly said, “How long do you intend to accompany this child for?” The deathly aura on his body was even stronger.

Wang Lin silently pondered for a long time before looking up at the moon and softly saying, “One reincarnation cycle…”

“Reincarnation cycle…” Sun tai let out a sigh and said, “Don’t you want him to become a cultivator? With your cultivation, you can let this child have a much easier path on the road of cultivation. He can have an even bigger advantage than some direct descendants of cultivation families.”

Wang Lin’s eyes revealed a dejected look and he softly said, “I’m will not let him cultivate in his life!”

Sun Tai pondered a bit and said, “This child’s talent is very good…”

“I won’t let him cultivate!” Wang Lin’s gaze fell on Sun Tai and he said, “Never!”

Wang Lin asked himself, “Cultivation, cultivation, what is at the end of cultivation?” His entire life was not happy, and it was a lonely road. He didn’t want his own child to experience it.

The cruelty of the cultivation world, the slaughter and dangers of the cultivation world. He understood it all too well.

“Ping Er has already experienced many things that he shouldn’t have. I named him Wang Ping with the hope that his life will be peaceful and safe. I hoped he’d become a mortal who will get married and raise children, live a quiet life… From now on, never mention the matter about cultivation again!” Wang Lin’s voice was filled with resolve. It would not be changed and it couldn’t be changed!
