Chapter 691

Nothing in this world could escape life and death. Sun Tai looked at the father and son before him and revealed a smile. At this moment, he looked peaceful as he burned the last of his life.

After hearing Wang Lin’s promise, Sun Tai gave Wang Lin a profound look. He deeply ingrained the look of the person he once had a feud with. His eyes blurred and he suddenly felt like he had returned back to several hundred years ago, back in the Rain celestial Realm…

Various scenes flashed through his eyes before they finally stopped at the calm yet slightly older face before him.

“The distance between life and death was, in fact, this short…” Sun Tai smiled and closed his eyes.

At this moment, the deathly aura on his body reached its peak and completely vanished the next instant.

“Grandpa Sun…” Wang Ping shed tears as he looked at Sun Tai’s serene face and began to cry.

Wang Lin let out a sigh and rubbed Wang Ping’s head. His eyes were calm. He had seen through life and death, seen through reincarnation. Such things were like smoke to him; he had seen them, but they wouldn’t linger in his heart.

Sun Tai’s tomb was in the back of the Fallen Moon Village. Everyone who died at the village would be buried there.

Wang Ping carved the tomb, and on it he wrote “Sun Tai’s Tomb Inscribed by his grandson Wang Ping”.

When Wang Ping was twelve, Sun Tai adopted Wang Pin as his step grandson. Wang Lin didn’t stop him. Sun Tai was, after all, older than Wang Lin and was old enough to be Wang Ping’s grandpa.

As for the relationship between him and Sun Tai, they were peers. Sun Tai even had a bone-deep respect for Wang Lin, just like Wang Ping felt.

Sun Tai’s tomb didn’t have a body. This body had already become a jar of ashes inside Wang Lin’s bag of holding. This was Wang Lin’s promise to Sun Tai.

The sixteen-year-old Wang Ping was even more handsome. In comparison to him, Wang Lin looked even older.

The passage of time took away Wang Lin’s appearance, and along with it went the interest of the village’s women in matchmaking for him. However, as Wang Ping grew older, that interest was placed on him.

However, Wang Ping was quite like his father. Although he was handsome, he always acted extremely calm. Normally, he didn’t say much, but there was a hint of wisdom in his eyes.

One year after Sun Tai died, Wang Lin was in the courtyard, holding a block of wood and carefully carving. Wang Ping was sitting on the side, calmly looking at this father. His father’s face had even more wrinkles and had become even more ancient.

Wang Lin didn’t raise his head and calmly said, “Carving requires one to put their heart into every stroke. Every stroke needs to be engraved in one’s memory. Only then can one be considered a craftsman!”

Wang Ping nodded. He also picked up a piece of wood and began to carefully carve.

Under the sunset, the father’s and son’s shadows was pulled extremely long. There wasn’t much difference in their movements, and even their demeanors were very similar. As the sun set, the figures gradually fated, but the hint of charm seemed to remain eternal…

After the sun finally set and darkness covered the earth, Wang Lin lit up the lamp in the courtyard and calmly asked, “Did you finish thinking?”

Wang Ping put down the half-finished statue and began to silently ponder.

Wang Lin didn’t urge him but sat down on the side and picked up Wang Ping’s statue to examine it. This statue was slightly rough, but it was able to capture thirty percent of the charm.

The statue was of Sun Tai. He had an arrogant expression as he looked up at the sky. His hands were forming a seal and a strange aura had gathered on his body. There were clouds under his feet, making him look like a legendary figure.

Wang Ping lowered his head and whispered, “Dad, why won’t you let me study the immortal spells Grandpa Sun left behind…”

Wang Lin let out a sigh. In the end, Sun Tai still didn’t respect his decision on this matter. He had used the fact that he had accepted Wang Ping as his adopted grandson to secretly impart cultivation techniques on him.

None of this was hidden from Wang Lin. If it wasn’t for Sun Tai trying to impart his cultivation method to Wang Ping, he wouldn’t have died four years earlier than expected.

As a father, Wang Lin wasn’t a father to act without consulting others. He looked at Wang Ping. This child had inherited his mother’s appearance, but during these sixteen years, he had learned his calmness.

When Wang Ping’s eyes shined with wisdom, Wang Lin felt like he was seeing another version of himself.

Wang Lin withdrew his gaze and softly said, “Because the life of a cultivator doesn’t suit you.”

Wang Ping revealed a faint smile as he looked up at his father and said, “Dad, I never cultivated those cultivation methods Grandpa Sun gave me, not even once.”

Wang Lin nodded. He naturally knew all of this. Although Sun Tai had passed on his cultivation methods, in the end, Wang Ping never cultivated them.

Wang Ping lowered his head and asked, “Dad, you… you are a immortal too, right?”

Wang Lin’s eyes revealed vicissitude and he slowly said, “Not an immortal, just a cultivator.”

Wang Ping silently pondered for a moment and asked, “Dad, do you want me to live an ordinary life and not follow your footsteps in becoming a cultivator?”

The moon gradually rose into the sky. When the moonlight fell on the earth, there was a hint of coldness within its gentle light. The gentle breeze caused the lamp to sway back and forth. The fire inside the lamp began to flicker and mix with the moonlight that enveloped the courtyard.

Wang Lin put down Wang Ping’s statue. He looked up at the sky, and his voice was erratic. “Yes.”

“If… Ping Er is unwilling…” Wang Ping raised his head and looked up at his father. This was the first time in sixteen years that he had spoken like this to his father.

Wang Lin’s gaze fell on Wang Ping. He didn’t speak but calmly looked at Wang Ping.

Time slowly passed by. Wang Ping gradually lowered his head as if he was afraid to look at Wang Lin’s eyes.

“The cultivator’s life is not suited for you! Don’t mention it again!” Wang Lin’s voice was very soft but firm. However, hidden in his eyes, where Wang Ping couldn’t see, was a trace of sadness. This sadness was very strong…

Wang Ping bitterly said, “Yes, Father, I won’t cultivate.”

Wang Lin didn’t speak as he turned around and entered the room. At the moment he entered the room, his voice came. “Ping Er, eat your medicine.”

Wang Ping silently pondered. After a long time, he let out sigh, got up, and walked into the room. His back looked crestfallen…

His father didn’t reveal his majesty, but in Wang Ping’s heart, it was imparably huge and he was powerless to resist. He could only follow his father’s will and live out an ordinary life.

“Aside from cultivation, I can give you everything else in the world!” After Wang Pin drank his medicine and lied down, Wang Lin’s voice slowly drifted over.

Wang Ping closed his eyes and didn’t speak.

In the darkness, Wang Lin sat by himself in the courtyard, staring at the darkness before him. Sadness flashed across his eyes once more.

The passage of time was like the moonlight in the darkness. You can’t see when it will comes, and when you do see it, the moonlight has already landed on the ground.

In the blink of an eye, it had been three years since Sun Tai died.

This year Wang Ping was nineteen years old. He had completely become a handsome young man. Although there was still a hint of immaturity on his face, unless one looked closely, it was very difficult to see.

His appearance became more and more like Liu Mei’s.

In contrast, Wang Lin became even older. Nineteen years of time had left deep marks on his face.

On the nineteenth year after Wang Lin arrived at the Fallen Moon Village, he packed up his things and left with Wang Ping.

When they left, Wang Ping’s childhood friends all came to send them off. Most of them were girls, and their gazes toward Wang Ping were filled with resentment.

The eyes of the second daughter from the Zhou family were especially resentful.

However, Wang Ping was completely indifferent to all of this. He inherited his appearance from Liu Mei, but he inherited his personality from Wang Lin. He didn’t care too much about women.

During these nineteen years of time, people in the village gave birth and died; a generation was growing old while a new generation was growing up. Compared to when Wang Lin arrived here nineteen years ago, three or four people out of ten had passed away…

The burly man from the Zhou family was still sturdy, but he was obviously not young anymore. He stood beside Wang Lin and sadly said, “Brother Wang, in the blink of an eye, almost twenty years have passed. I still remember you arriving at the village with Ping Er, but now you are going to leave.”

Wang Lin faintly smiled and softly said, “Brother Zhou, I have been troubling you all these years. However, now that the child has grown up, I need to take him out to see the world.”

The burly man from the Zhou family sighed as his gaze fell on Wang Ping, who was surrounded by the girls in the village, and wryly smiled. “It looks like my family’s second daughter won’t have the luck.”

Wang Lin shook his head and smiled. “It should be my boy who doesn’t have the luck.”

Not far away, Wang Ping’s expression was normal as he softly said, “All of you, take care…” With that, he returned to Wang Lin.

However, one of the girls ran out with a red face and shouted, “Wang Ping, you… Will you return in the future?”

Wang Ping stopped. Without turning around, he softly said, “I probably won’t…”

The girl’s eyes turned red and two streams of tears fell down her face. She seemed to have heard her own heart shatter.

“I hate you! Wang Ping!” The girl began to cry and ran away.

Wang Ping frowned as he arrived next to his father and remained silent.

The burly man from the Zhou family let out a sigh. He clasped his hands at Wang Lin and said, “Brother Wang, take care!”

Wang Lin had a very good opinion of this straightforward man, and he laughed. “Take care!” After that, he turned around and walked away. Wang Ping followed a few steps behind before hesitating. He looked back at the girl who was running away and crying, then he let out a sigh and left with Wang Lin.

Wang Ping caught up to his father and frowned. “Dad, why are those girls so troublesome? Especially that Zhou Ruotong…”

Wang Lin laughed as he looked back at Wang Ping. Having inherited Liu Mei’s appearance, there was something demonic about Wang Ping’s handsomeness.

Wang Lin said, with smile that was not a smile, “You don’t like the girl from the Zhou family?”

Wang Ping sighed. “I don’t like her. It’s just that… when she was crying, I felt a bit of reluctance in my heart.”
