Chapter 693

Wang Lin withdrew his gaze, so Wang Ping couldn’t see the sadness in his eyes.

No one knew the real reason he wouldn’t let Wang Ping cultivate. Sun Tai didn’t know, Wang Pin didn’t know, only Wang Lin himself knew the real reason.

He was unable to to tell Wang Ping. For Wang Ping’s sake, he couldn’t… This had nothing to do with Liu Mei…

Wang Ping couldn’t hear Wang Lin’s sigh.

Wang Lin silently pondered as he looked at the wilderness outside.

Inside the carriage, Wang Ping was also like this. The silence between the father and son became even stronger.

After a long time, Wang Ping turned his head and looked at his father. From the side, his father’s face seemed to have even more wrinkles. His heart couldn’t stand it anymore and he softly said, “Father, I was wrong.”

Wang Lin turned around. He revealed a kind smile but didn’t speak.

Vast Water City was the sub capital city of one of the three great empires on planet Ran Yun, and it was second only to the capital in prosperity. It was also near the river, so it was a very lively city.

The carriage entered the city and stopped at a station. Wang Lin and Wang Ping got off the carriage and entered this bustling city.

Wang Ping had never seen such a lively and big city. As he looked around, he seemed to forget all the unhappiness from before.

Wang Lin stepped into a rather lavish restaurant in the eastern part of the city. The waiter inside the restaurant hurried over with a smile and l led the father and son to a table near the window. Not long after, wine and food were brought over.

It might’ve been because Wang Ping’s appearance was too handsome, but after he sat down, he immediately caught the attention of a lot of the women in the restaurant. As for Wang Ping, he had long grown accustomed this during his boyhood back in the village.

Wang Lin didn’t move his chopsticks, but he picked up the wine and calmly drank. As for Wang Ping, he only tasted the dishes.

Wang Lin put down the wine and calmly said, “From now on, we will live here. First we will need to buy a house.”

Wang Ping nodded and smiled. “Dad, this place is pretty good. After being spending so much time on seeing mountains and rivers, I felt like I suddenly entered the world when we came into this bustling city.”

Just as Wang Ping finished speaking, a sneer came from a table nearby.

There were three people sitting at that table. One of them was an old man wearing silk who looked very dignified. Although his eyes were dim, when he opened them, he gave off a noble aura.

Beside him sat two people, one male and one female. The man was very handsome and dignified. He wore a purple robe with golden lines embroidered on it. It looked very expensive.

As for the woman, she was about in her twenties with black hair like a waterfall. Although she wasn’t an absolute beauty, she gave of a very refreshing feeling.

The person who sneered was the man in purple.

The man in purple turned toward the woman beside him and laughed. “This silly boy is interesting. It’s his first time entering Vast Water City and he starts spouting nonsense, like being accustomed to seeing mountains and rivers and his first time entering the world. Nonsense.”

He didn’t talk loudly, but said it so those words could enter Wang Ping’s ears. Wang Ping frowned but didn’t say a word.

As for Wang Lin, he picked up the jug and drank a mouthful. His gaze seemed to randomly sweep the three people at that table.

The woman frowned and softly asked, “Is it funny?”

The young man laughed. “Junior Apprentice Sister Qing Yi, why it is not funny?”

The woman revealed a trace of annoyance and turned her head.

The young man let out a cold snort. The reason he laughed at Wang Ping was because when he entered, this always cold woman actually raised her head and looked at Wang Ping.

If not for this woman how could he eat in a place like this given his status? When he saw her expression, he let out a cold snort, turned around, and stared at Wang Ping.

The young man in purple softly said, “If his appearance was born on a woman, she would definitely be an enchanting girl. Unfortunately, it is on a male, truly unfortunate… but for him to be a prostitute, he’d be pretty good.”

The repeated provocations made Wang Ping put down his chopsticks. He turned his head to look at the youth and said, “What a good face. If it was born to a person, he would be very handsome. It’s a pity it was born to a bastard, what a pity…”

The young man in purple’s expression sank, but before he could speak, the old man next to him frowned and shouted, “Since when could people like this come into the Jingya Xuan? No manners at all! Just let this old man teach you a lesson or two!” As the old man spoke, he threw his chopsticks and they flew out like bolts of lightning. He was aiming for Wang Ping’s shoulders. If the pair of chopsticks really hit, then Wang Ping’s hands would be wasted.

At the moment the old man threw the chopsticks, the woman beside them exclaimed. She stood up and was about to chase after the chopsticks.

However, at the moment the chopsticks closed in, they immediately lost their strength and softly landed next to Wang Ping. Wang Lin’s eyes were cold as he put down the wine and coldly stared at the old man.

One glance!

The old man’s body started as if countless bolts of thunder had exploded in his mind. That gaze was like a sharp sword that pierced into his whole being through his eyes. It broke through his mind and entered his soul. It seemed like it wanted to shatter his soul, extinguish his core flame, and cause his golden core to shatter.

The old man’s body immediately stiffened as if a powerful bolt of lightning had just struck him. His hands and feet trembled uncontrollably.

“This… This is…” The old man’s mind trembled and his scalp started tingling. There was intense pain coming from between his eyebrows; it was as if a blade had pierced through his skull.

The sound of his heart violently beating instantly echoed through the old man’s body as if it was about to collapse. His body was covered in cold sweat as if he was about to face an enemy naked.

His entire being was about to collapse from this one glance!

A stream of blood that contained a trace of gold came out from the corner of his mouth. A crack had appeared in his core and his core energy had leaked into his bloodstream.

The old man was a Core Formation cultivator! As for the young man in purple, he had only started Qi Condensation, and the woman hadn’t reach the Foundation Establishment stage yet.

Since a Core Formation cultivator could be so unscrupulous and act so viciously against a mortal, Wang Lin showed killing intent without any hesitation.

Moreover, this old man had provoked his son.

“You…” The chair the old man was sitting on cracked and he fell to the ground. His face was pale as he quickly took out pills to swallow and immediately crushed a message jade.

The restaurant was completely silent as many guests were still in confusion. However, there were still some clever customers that quickly paid their bills and left.

The young man in purple was completely startled. He didn’t even look at the old man. Instead, his extremely gloomy eyes stared at Wang Lin and Wang Ping.

As for the woman, she was in a complete daze as she stared at Wang Ping and Wang Lin. She never thought that such an event would take place.

“I don’t need you to teach my son!” Wang Lin withdrew his gaze, picked up the wine jug, and took a gulp.
