Chapter 694

The old man didn’t dare to open his mouth, as his core energy had already escaped to his body. He feared that if he opened his mouth, his core energy would immediately disperse. In that case, if he didn’t die, his cultivation level would drop greatly.

The current him was completely relying on the pills he had swallowed earlier to help stop the loss of his core energy, but the effect was very little.

Strands of spiritual energy came from his body. It looked like green mist.

The young man in purple looked at Wang Lin and nodded. “Didn’t expect you to be a cultivator. Very good, on planet Ran Yun, since you offended the Sun family, that is the same as…”

Before he could finish speaking, Wang Lin waved his right hand. The young man’s body immediately trembled, his face turned pale instantly, and he fell on the ground.

Wang Lin didn’t kill him, as he didn’t have much spiritual energy inside him and was still considered a mortal.

With Wang Lin’s experience, this young man in purple was either the direct descendant of a cultivation family or was of a noble bloodline among mortals.

However, no matter what identity they had, Wang Lin didn’t care. On planet Ran Yun, he was the supreme ancestor.

The scene before him caused Wang Ping to gasp as he looked at his father. At this moment, he suddenly found out that his father was not an ordinary cultivator. Only a glance from his father was able to make the old man like this.

Qing Yi stared at the father and son. After hesitating for a moment, she stepped forward and respectfully said, “Senior, it was us who were reckless…”

Wang Lin picked up the wine jug, took a sip, and didn’t look at her.

Qing Yin bit her lower lip. While she was in a dilemma, Wang Ping smiled. He was already very handsome, and now his smile made him even more beautiful. Wang Pin looked at Qing Yi and asked, “Miss, is your name Qing Yi? My name is Wang Ping. Is Miss also a cultivator?”

Wang Ping’s smile made Qing Yi’s face turn red and she softly said, “Yes, but Master has already said that before reaching the Foundation Establishment stage, I can’t call myself a cultivator. Your name is Wang Ping, right? Today’s matter is our fault, it’s just… You guys should quickly leave. Just now… just now Master crushed the message jade. I fear someone will arrive soon…”

Wang Ping faintly smiled. He didn’t seem to care about this matter and began chatting with Qing Yi.

Just at this moment, whistling sounds came from outside the restaurant. A powerful wind blew by and three old man suddenly appeared inside the restaurant.

Qing Yi quickly and respectfully said, “Ancestor Sun!”

One of the old men among the three had white hair and his eyes were like lightning. He gave off a sense of pressure without being angry. After entering the restaurant, his eyes swept past the Core Formation cultivator sitting on the ground. He withdrew his gaze and then looked at Wang Lin and Wang Ping.

As far as he could see, Wang Lin was only a mortal without any spiritual energy. However, it was the young man that caused the old man’s eyes to narrow. He took took a closer look and his eyes revealed a strange color.

“This child’s talent is excellent, although his body is that of a mortal. However, his soul seems to contain the world and is filled with might. This kind of mentality is rare even among cultivators! These two people definitely aren’t as simple as they look on the surface!”

The Core Formation cultivator on the ground seemed to have noticed the old man’s arrival and opened his eyes. He couldn’t hold in the mouthful of core energy and let out a miserable hum. Mist came from all over his body, then his expression paled and he urgently said, “Uncle, it was him who harmed me, save me!” He suddenly pointed at Wang Lin.

The old man’s right hand formed a seal and pointed at the old man. A seal flew out and landed between the old man’s eyebrows. This spell immediately expanded and formed a seal that locked down the core energy that was escaping.

After he finished all of this, he gloomily looked at Wang Lin and said, “Your method sure is ruthless. Do you think my Sun family will just sit idly when they hear about this?!”

Wang Lin didn’t even look at the old man. He put down the wine jug and calmly said, “Ping Er, let’s go.” With that, he stood up and walked toward the exit.

Wang Ping smiled at Qing Yi. When Qing Yi saw this smile, her face turned red. Wang Ping had very good feelings toward this girl. This feeling came from the fact that when her master acted against him, she tired to stop her master.

After standing up, Wang Ping followed his father out the restaurant.

The old man coldly snorted and stepped forth to stop them. The two old men beside him also did the same.

“Let’s finish speaking, then you can leave!”

Wang Lin’s gaze was calm and he casually took a step. Although this step was simple, a thunderous roar echoed in the three old men’s minds. It was as if this step didn’t land on the ground but in their minds!

The two people behind the old men were at the mid stage of Nascent Soul. Their expressions changed greatly and then they immediately activated the spiritual energy inside their bodies and subconsciously took several steps back.

This wasn’t a dao technique or spell; there wasn’t even a sliver of celestial spiritual energy coming from Wang Lin’s body. However, in the view of the three old men, it was something that far surpassed any spell they had seen!

This was an aura, an aura that only appeared once someone had reached the peak of a generation. Anyone who had their own dao contained the heavens and earth in their body. They could borrow the power of the heavens to create pressure. Not to mention the three old men, not even normal Ascendant cultivators could resist this.

The old man in the middle had the highest cultivation level, peak of the late stage of Nascent Soul. He was in the process of comprehending the heavens and was half a step into the Soul Formation stage. Wang Lin’s aura was extremely profound in his eyes. It was as if his soul was directly impacted by Wang Lin, so his face turned pale and he took two steps back.

Wang Lin walked past him and left the restaurant. Wang Ping followed, and at the moment he walked out of the restaurant, he turned around to look at Qing Yi and revealed a gentle smile.

Qing Yi’s face became even more red.

“Just this once!” Wang Lin’s voice came from outside the restaurant and slowly echoed in the Sun family cultivators’ ears. It was a long time before they recovered, and when they did, their eyes were filled with horror.

After leaving the restaurant, Wang Pin hesitated for a bit before catching up to this father and smiling. “Dad, do you know the Sun family?”

“I had some encounters with them. Your father promised to shelter their family for a century.” Wang Lin didn’t hide anything from Wang Ping aside from the reason reason Wang Ping wasn’t allowed to cultivate.

“That girl named Qing Yi isn’t bad.” Wang Lin looked at Wang Ping with a smile that was not a smile.

Wang Ping was startled, and his handsome face showed a rare hint of red.

Wang Lin and Wang Ping bought a large courtyard house in the northern part of Vast Water City. After cleaning it for a bit, they settled down. This house was very big and had many rooms. When the previous owner sold it, they left behind some servant girls as well.

At this moment, a huge commotion occurred in the Sun family branch in Vast Water City due to Wang Lin’s words.
