Chapter 695

Since the Ran family’s ancestor and Carefree Shanren had disappeared, the Sun family took over the Ran family’s position on planet Ran Yun due to Sun Xi. They became even stronger than the past Ran family and became the number one existence on the planet.

During these twenty years of change, the people of the Sun family became arrogant.

Vast Water City also had a branch of the Sun family. At this moment, three Soul Formation elders were sitting in the Sun branch family home’s main hall. Before them stood all the people involved in the incident at the restaurant.

This was the first time Qing Yi had been involved in a situation like this, so she was very nervous. She had her head lowered and had a respectful demeanor.

Her master, the Core Formation cultivator, was standing beside her. However, his face was pale and his cultivation had fallen from the Core Formation stage to the late stage of Foundation Establishment.

One of the Sun family elders was a red-faced old man. He slightly opened his eyes and gently said, “This person really said that?”

The late stage Nascent Soul old man who tried to stop Wang Lin quickly nodded and said, “Junior definitely didn’t hear wrong. That person clearly said ‘just this once!’”

A cold snort came out from a green-robed old man, then his eyes became cold and he said, “It seems someone wants to provoke my Sun family. This person can cause a Core Formation cultivator’s core to collapse with one gaze and made three Nascent Soul cultivators retreat with one step. I fear he is at the Soul Transformation stage!”

The final elder calmly said, “What about a Soul Transformation cultivator? Our Sun family’s ancestor is still here, and there is also that senior that will protect us for a century. Not even the Huan family from planet Thousand Illusion would dare to provoke that senior. With him around, our Sun family will not collapse!”

The red-faced elder spoke a second time. “What is this person’s family name?”

The cultivators remained silent for a long time. The late stage Nascent Soul old man wryly smiled and said, “I don’t know, but it seems this outer family member talked with them. Perhaps she would know.”

The red-faced elder’s gaze fell on Qing Yi.

“Do you know?”

Qing Yi’s body trembled. After pondering for a bit, she shook her head. “Junior doesn’t know…”

“What guts!” The red-faced old man’s eyes narrowed. With his experience, he was able to tell at a glance that the girl was lying.

Qing Yi bitterly lowered her head and softly said, “Junior really doesn’t know.”

The red-faced elder let out a cold snort, then he stood up and said, “Let’s put this matter aside. I have already informed the family about this matter and they will send a Soul Transformation cultivator to deal with this. As for this outerl family member, since there’s someone else in her heart, kick her out of the Sun family!

“This old man wants to see on what basis this person dares to say such arrogant words as ‘just this once!’ On planet Ran Yun, no one dares to speak like this to my Sun family!”

In the northern part of Vast Water City, the new sign for Wang Lin’s home had already been put up. Wang Lin personally wrote the two characters: “Wang Mansion”.

Wang Lin didn’t replace the servant girls in the mansion and kept using them. This way the mansion was a lot less lonely.

Late at night, the moonlight fell. Wang Lin and Wang Ping were sitting across from each other in the back study.

Wang Lin calmly said, “Ping Er, nineteen years of ordinary life, eight years of adventure, and next I’ll give you thirty years of wealth. A person’s life contains joy and sorrow; you should know it all. Being rich and poor are also the same.”

Wang Ping silently pondered. After a long time, he faintly smiled. His eyes were bright as he asked, “Dad, is this the compensation for not letting me cultivate?”

Wang Lin looked at Wang Ping and slowly said, “Yes.” His gaze went over Wang Ping and fell into the distance outside the window. In a place where Wang Ping couldn’t see, there was a hint of sadness in Wang Lin’s eyes.

This sadness was so strong, so strong that no one knew. Wang Lin couldn’t reveal this secret no matter what, even though he knew that Wang Ping had buried his wish to cultivate along with a trace of resentment toward him.

“Ping Er, it is not that Father doesn’t want you to cultivate, but.. It’s just… you can’t cultivate…” Wang Lin sighed in his heart. The sadness became even stronger…

Wang Ping slowly asked, “Dad what is wealth?”

Wang Lin withdrew his gaze and calmly asked, “What kind of wealth do you want?”

“Dad taught me that a person should walk against the heavens and not be pressured by the world. Meet a mountain, climb over it; meet a river, go through it; meet an ocean, cross it; and never give in to the world. Since Father doesn’t want me to cultivate, then I want to become supreme ruler amongst mortals!” Wang Ping looked at this father.

“If you want to, you can!” Wang Lin closed his eyes.

Wang Ping had grown up. Under Wang Lin’s influence, he gradually gained his own beliefs and views on the world. He was no longer the child that always listened to his father; he now had his own thoughts and ideals.

Wang Ping looked at his father and whispered, “I don’t want to be a supreme ruler that is handed to me, I want to obtain it myself!”

Wang Lin calmly said, “Yes…” He waved his right hand and a shadow walked out from behind him and then walked into Wang Ping’s shadow.

“With this, you can do anything on planet Ran Yun.” Wang Lin got up. He didn’t look back at Wang Ping as he walked out of the study. His back looked a bit crestfallen.

Wang Ping opened his mouth and seemed like he wanted to say something. However, in the end, he couldn’t say it out loud and could only silently ask in his heart, “Father, you can give me everything, so why… won’t you let me cultivate… Ping Er doesn’t want to cultivate for himself but for… The promise from back then… In order to accompany you forever… Father, you are so lonely… But why…”

As Wang Lin stood in the courtyard under the moonlight, his shadow was stretched very long. He turned to his own room, lied down on his bed, and softly said, “One day you will understand. However, I hope that day will come slower. In fact, I hope you never find out why…”

That night, Wang Ping didn’t sleep.

Three days later, a person arrived in Vast Water City. This person was wearing a black coat and looked rather old. After he arrived at Vast Water City, he went to the Sun family branch.

All of the cultivators in the Sun branch family had come out to greet this cultivator. Even though they had already guessed that the person who would come must be a Soul Transformation cultivator, when the three elders saw who came, they all gasped and became even more respectful.

“Greetings, Vice Family Head!”

This person was Sun Qiming. Because of Wang Lin’s matter, his status in the family had increased. Also, his cultivation had already reached the late stage of Soul Transformation, so he was promoted by Sun Xi to become the next family head.

Sun Qiming didn’t speak any nonsense and directly asked, “Where is the person?” These people in the family didn’t know the meaning of being able to break a core with just one gaze, but he was well aware. Even though he could do it, he couldn’t cause three Nascent Soul cultivators to retreat with just one step without using any spells.

This kind of thing could be explained if a spell was used; however, if what the jade said was true and no spell was used, then this kind of thing could only done by an old monster at the Ascendant stage. It was absolutely impossible for an ordinary cultivator to do this.
