Chapter 696

The Sun family had very deep roots in Vast Water City and had long since tracked down where Wang Lin and his son were at.

At this moment, a guide quickly led Sun Qiming there.

“Family head, that person is too arrogant, saying something like ‘just this once.’ To think someone would dare to say that to the Sun family…” The elder in green began to speak, but Sun Qiming frowned and shouted, “Shut up!”

The green-robed elder trembled and immediately shut up.

“A small matter like this and all of you made a big fuss about this. This person was already lenient, but you are all ungrateful!” Sun Qiming’s expression was gloomy as he coldly looked at everyone.

Sun Qiming said, in a serious tone, “The Sun family is large and is number one in planet Ran Yun. However, all of this was obtained at a miserable price. If you all remain like this, then one day you will bring a big enemy upon the Sun family!”

“Grandpa Sun, your Sun family has the protection of that senior. Even if the enemy is strong, I fear they won’t dare to provoke you.” The person who spoke wasn’t a member of the Sun family but the purple-robed youth who clashed with Wang Ping.

Sun Qiming’s eyes fell on the young man and he calmly said, “Little boy from the Yun family, this matter started because of you. Prepare yourself, for this matter might not be so easily handled!”

This purple-robed young man was named Yun Wufeng. He was a member of the Yun family from planet Cloud Sea. Planet Cloud Sea was one of the main planets of the northern part of the Allheaven Star System. This person’s talent was too poor to cultivate, so he was considered an external family member. He came here with the Yun family’s caravan, but because of Qing Yi, he didn’t go back with the caravan and remained here. For ordinary cultivation families, before one’s cultivation reaches the Soul Transformation stage, they can’t leave the planet. However, for a big family like the Yun family, they had ways of bringing people below the Soul Transformation stage out of their planet.

Due to his bad talent, he wasn’t nurtured by the Yun family. However, here on plant Ran Yun, just based on his identity, all of the cultivation families were extremely polite to him.

After all, the Yun family was the number one family on planet Cloud Sea and was even more powerful than the Huan family.

Yun Wufeng coldly snorted in his heart. Although he didn’t have any cultivation, as long as he was in the northern part of the Allheaven Star System, no one would dare to provoke him, as doing so meant making an enemy out of the Yun family.

Aftering coming to the northern part of Vast Water City, Sun Qiming and everyone following him stopped one hundred feet from the Wang mansion.

Sun Qiming’s expression was gloomy. When he saw the two words “Wang Mansion,” he frowned.

“Named Wang…” When he entered Vast Water City, he scanned it with his divine sense and found nothing wrong. He had just scanned this place once more and it was the same.

After pondering a bit, Sun Qiming stepped forward and loudly said, “The Sun family’s Sun Qiming greets fellow cultivator!”

This voice contained celestial spiritual energy, so it clearly entered the ears of every single person inside the mansion. Shortly after, a small fellow came out. He looked at the Sun family and said, “Master ordered you all to leave.”

Before Sun Qiming could speak, someone from the Sun family began to sneer. The person who sneered was the red-faced elder. He didn’t even look at the little fellow and coldly said, “What a big attitude. Do you really think my Sun family is blind?!” With that, he stepped forward and charged directly toward the mansion.

Sun Qiming frowned hard as he stared at the words “Wang Mansion.” He was about to stop the old man but then paused.

The red-faced elder was at the Soul Formation stage. He closed in with one step and stepped directly through the door. However, just as his right foot landed, his face turned deathly pale. It was as if there was an invisible force coming from his mansion. It made his mind tremble and he coughed out a mouthful of blood. He staggered back several steps with his face pale and eyes filled with aghast.

Sun Qiming’s expression changed greatly. At that moment, he felt the aura of an Ascendant cultivator. What shook him the most was that he was familiar with his aura.

Almost without any hesitation, Sun Qiming quickly grabbed the red-faced elder and threw him backward. He respectfully clasped his hands and said, “Sorry for disturbing Senior’s cultivation. Junior will leave now.”

With that, he waved his sleeves and suddenly disappeared along with all the Sun family members. When they reappeared, they were inside the main hall of the Sun family branch in Vast Water City.

“No Sun family member is allowed to go within one thousand feet of that mansion. Anyone who disobeys will have their cultivation wasted and will be expelled from the Sun family!” Even until now, Sun Qiming’s heart was pounding and his forehead was covered in cold sweat.

“Only he has the cultivation to cause a core to crack with just one gaze.”

The Sun family members had never seen Sun Qiming like this. Also, Sun Qiming had taken them away so quickly that they couldn’t help but tremble. The green-robed elder looked at the red-faced elder whose expression was ashen and whose nascent soul was about to collapse. The green-robed elder shivered and asked, “Family head, that… Who is that?”

Sun Qiming coldly snorted and said, “You guys sure have guts to provoke him. You all should know that senior. Even if the old ancestor was here, he would have to be respectful. It was all because of this person that the Sun family has what we have today!”

“Could it be… Could that person be…” The green-robed elder’s heart trembled as he thought of a person.

Sun Qiming stared at the old man and nodded.

At this instant, everyone in the Sun family turned deathly pale.

“Just this once!” This phrase emerged in their hearts.

Even the purple-robed young man seemed to had realized something. He thought for a moment and then his expression became extremely ugly. He clearly remembered that when he told the elder in charge of the caravan that he wanted to stay, the elder told him that he must never provoke one person on planet Ran Yun. That person was Xu Mu, who had swept through the Huan family and made the Qian and Xu families not dare to intervene at all!

The name “Xu Mu” had spread across the entire northern region of the Allheaven Star System in the past thirty years or so. After all, the battle at the Huan family was too shocking; it could even be said that countless cultivators felt that the battle was too terrifying.

While feeling terrible, Yun Wufeng returned to his room in the Sun family’s house. Qing Yi was sitting in his room with a pale expression. Her cultivation was sealed, so she was like a mortal. After being driven out of the Sun family, she was caught and brought here.

In the Sun family, there would naturally be people who were willing to suck up to the Yun family.

After Yun Wufeng returned to his room, he had no mind to bother with Qing Yi. He stared at the candle and his heart was filled with regret.

Qing Yi stared at Yun Wufeng. Her eyes were cold.

“It was all because of you. If not for you, I wouldn’t have provoked that Xu Mu’s son! It was all because of you!” Yun Wufeng suddenly turned his head and stared at Qing Yi.

Qing Yi didn’t speak, but her eyes were cold. However, the next instant, her eyes jerked wide open as she stared behind Yun Wufeng and revealed a look of disbelief.

Yun Wufeng was startled. Just as he turned around, his vision turned black and he fell to the ground.

Qing Yi quickly got up and respectfully said, “Senior…”

Wang Lin stepped out from the shadows and sat down. He held a jug of wine and drank a mouthful before he slowly said, “Your talent is pretty good. Spend a lifetime with Wang Ping and I’ll gift you Nascent Soul cultivation.”

Qing Yi trembled as Wang Ping’s image appeared in her mind. Her face turned red and lightly nodded.

Three days later, Wang Ping left, and Qing Yi followed beside him.

Wang Ping left Vast Water City with his ideals. He was not willing to live a peaceful life, he wanted excitement!

Wang Lin stayed here by himself. On the night Wang Ping left, he drank a lot. Originally, thanks to his cultivation, he wouldn’t be drunk, but he was drunk that night.

This was the first time he had gotten drunk in more than eight hundred years. For the first time, without him using any spells, he looked even older.

Life continued and time slowly passed. The irreversible reincarnation cycle continued and three years passed in the blink of an eye.

During these three years, Wang Lin had heard nothing from Wang Ping, and he didn’t deliberately search with his divine sense. Since he gave Wang Ping freedom and choice, he wouldn’t stop Wang Ping.

During these three years, a sect appeared in the northern part of planet Ran Yun. This sect was named the School of Heaven. This sect only had mortals and didn’t affect cultivators.

The development of the School of Heaven was extremely fast. It gradually spread from the northern part of planet Ran Yun like a wildfire and grew even fiercer.

Rumors spread out like a snowflakes that gradually fell. The rumors said that the leader of the School of Heaven was an immortal and that there was always a woman beside him.

Time swept by and another seven years passed.

Wang Lin now looked even older.

The development of the School of Heaven was like a rolling snowball; it continued to grow stronger. There were even representatives of the school in Vast Water City. During autumn of this year, the autumn wind below by as Wang Lin walked out of his house like usual to the not-far-away inn and quietly drank. His eyes were foggy, as if he couldn’t see anything. He just silently stared outside the window as if he was waiting for something.

The waiter in the inn had long grown accustomed to this old man. After bringing wine and food, he went to serve the other customers.

As midday arrived, more and more people arrived in the inn. Bursts of noise echoed in the inn; it was rather lively.

“Have you heard that the School of Heaven now occupies a majority of planet Ran Yun, becoming the number one sect in the three empires?”

“Hehe, even our Vast Water City has a branch of the School of Heaven. I even went to see it a few days ago.”

“My neighbour, Zhang Er, is a member of the School of Heaven. They even hand out grain every month.”

“The three big empires are Da Qin, Di Shan, and Chen Yun. It was said that in the northern empire, Di Shen, almost all of their citizens accepted the teachings of the School of Heaven.”

“With how the School of Heaven is developing, it won’t be long before the three big empire act and destroy it.”

“Not so, this School of Heaven has already developed for ten years. If they wanted to destroy it, they would have already acted.”

“I’m more interested in the relationship between the leader of the School of Heaven and the woman that always follow him…”

Wang Lin calmly drank his wine. It was as if everything he heard had nothing to do with him. His gaze fell into the distance. It was as if he could penetrate into the distance and see Wang Ping, who was middle aged but still filled with spirit…
