Chapter 1453 – Looked at the Sky With a Cold Gaze

Great Desolation waved his hand and a fishy wind surrounded him. Joss Flames also surrounded him to help him resist Dao Master Miao Yin.

Both of them were powerful cultivators, so although they both could only use early stage Nirvana Void cultivation, their battle was still dangerous and heaven-shaking.

Great Desolation's expression was gloomy. He had found this sealed land first and had spent a lot of effort to break the restriction. Just when he was about to succeed, Dao Master Miao Yin appeared. He had launched a sneak attack and then this vicious battle began.

Just as the other person had said, he had come here with a part of his soul possessing another body. In terms of strength and spells, he couldn't compare to Miao Yin's avatar. Also, because this body was not one he had refined himself, he couldn't control his Joss Flames well.

If he was battling an ordinary third step cultivator, this wouldn't be a problem, but his enemy was someone at his level. These problems were not fatal. He had always been proud and had a strange personality, so he indeed hardly had any friends. He was by himself in the Ancient Order Tomb. He could only let out a cold snort, as he had no words of rebuttal to say.

In a short period of time, they had battled hundreds of times. Behind each of them floated a 40,000 foot black platform giving off a powerful pressure. The collisions of their spells created roars that shocked the minds of the cultivators battling below.

At this moment, outside this sealed land, a dark purple platform moved through the fog. Wang Lin stood there surrounding by almost 100,000 mosquito beasts. His gaze was cold as he moved forward following the map in his mind.

The fog rushed by him as he closed in on the sealed land. After a few hours, Wang Lin's eyes lit up and he looked ahead. The fog before him seemed to distort as if there was another world in there.

"There is indeed a sealed land. It looks like the route from the map is not wrong. Just go north from here and I can leave the outer region and reach the depths of the tomb!" Wang Lin suddenly stopped outside sealed land. He stared ahead and began to ponder.

"The girl from the Sealing Extermination Clan… I just don't know if there is a third step cultivator inside… I should be cautious." Wang Lin pointed with his right hand and a mosquito charged out. As the mosquito flew by, Wang Lin put a sliver of divine sense inside it, then the beast charged into the fog.

In a flash, the mosquito beast closed in and disappeared when it touched the distorted fog.

In the sky of the sealed land, Dao Master Miao Yin and Great Desolation were continuing their battle. There was a storm surrounding them, making it impossible to see the fierce battle inside. However, the storm that swept the world was extremely shocking.

The mosquito beast appeared in the corner and remained still. Wang Lin's divine sense on the mosquito beast immediately saw everything. However, just at this moment, a ray of light shot out from the storm toward the mosquito bedast. The mosquito beast instantly exploded, and even Wang Lin's sliver of divine sense was destroyed.

"No outsider is allowed to enter, scram for me!!" Dao Master Miao Yin's voice echoed.

Outside the sealed land, Wang Lin's face turned slightly pale, but he quickly recovered. There was a flash of coldness in his eyes.

"Dao Master Miao Yin… The person who is battling him was filled with poison and is also a third step cultivator… It was too fast, so I didn't get to see who it was!" Wang Lin's eyes lit up. He had also seen the land below, where almost 100 cultivators were fighting, including the girl from the Sealing Extermination Clan

"Dao Master Miao Yin's cultivation is a bit strange… He only seems to be at Master Zimo's level… The person he is fighting is about the same…" Wang Lin began to ponder. When he saw the woman in white, he found that her cultivation level had dropped far too much compared to how she was outside the Ancient Order Tomb. He began to ponder.

Now he had seen Master Miao Yin once more. Seeing how he was also a lot weaker, like the woman in white, he began to speculate even more. "Should I bet…" Wang Lin frowned.

If he guessed wrong, he wouldn't be able to enter the sealed land at all. The five masters of the Ancient Star System were too powerful! Wang Lin stood no chance against them!

A moment later, there was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin's eyes. He charged forward with the mosquito beasts without hesitation. "I'm certain his cultivation is suppressed inside the tomb. Otherwise, why would he destroy my divine sense to drive me away? As one of the five masters, how could he be afraid of others unless there is something he is worried about? Now that he is fighting with someone, this is the perfect chance. Although that girl from the Sealing Extermination Clan is his maid, I must capture her!"

Wang Lin sped up and charged into the distortion. He disappeared with the countless mosquito beasts around him.

A monstrous rumble echoed inside the sealed land, then a violent rumble echoed and a large distortion appeared. Fierce mosquito beasts appeared from the distortion and immediately caught the attention of the cultivators below.

There was a large amount of mosquito beasts, and they appeared in a flash and covered the sky. As the mosquito beasts filled the sky, the distortion became even more intense, then a 30,000 foot platform suddenly appeared! Wang Lin was standing on the platform, his white hair fluttering. His suddenly appearance shocked the cultivators below. The girl from the Sealing Extermination Clan looked up and her face turned pale when she saw Wang Lin. However, that quickly turned into killing intent.

"Rank 3 platform!! Could another third step cultivator have arrived?"

"This person's face is unfamiliar. Which third step cultivator came using another body? These fierce beasts have never been seen before; could they be another type of beast from the tomb?" The almost 100 cultivators looked at Wang Lin and the mosquito beasts.

Wang Lin didn't hesitate at all. The moment he appeared, the mosquito beasts roared and charged at the cultivators below.

Wang Lin didn't even look at the storm before he stepped off the platform. He charged at the girl from the Sealing Extermination Clan like a bolt of lightning.

"Master, save me!!" the girl from the Sealing Extermination Clan screamed as she quickly retreated. The dozen or so cultivators around her were servants to Dao Master Miao Yin. They quickly began to use spells to protect her as she retreated.

The girl quickly formed a seal as she retreated. Her clan mark shined as she pointed at Wang Lin and said, "As the descendant of the Sealing Extermination Clan, I sacrifice my soul…"

However, Wang Lin was too fast and instantly closed in. There was a flash of killing intent in a middle-aged man's eyes. He had noticed that Wang Lin wasn't a third step cultivator and had the intention of blocking Wang Lin.

Wang Lin's expression was calm. As he closed in on the middle-aged man, he pointed at him. The killing intent inside the middle-aged man turned into Ethereal Fire and burned like crazy.

As the middle-aged man screamed miserably, he retreated, but the Ethereal Fire burned even stronger. He had almost turned into a ball of fire.

Wang Lin didn't pause at all and charged forward. He was too fast, almost invisible to the naked eyes. The other seven or right cultivators that originally wanted to stop him were shocked by the Ethereal Fire. They couldn't help but stop, and their eyes were filled with fear.

Wang Lin's expression remained calm as he waved his hand and Ethereal Fire appeared once more. The seven or eight cultivators began to burn, then they rapidly retreated, no longer daring to stop Wang Lin… "Summon the my clan's great sealing spell…" The face of the girl from the Sealing Extermination Clan was pale. She retreated like crazy and her voice was off pitch; it was filled with panic and had become sharp.

It had only been a few breaths of time since Wang Lin appeared in this sealed land. As he moved forward, he was less than 1,000 feet from the girl from the Sealing Extermation Clan. Between them, aside from the seven or eight cultivators that had retreated while screaming, there were more than 10 cultivators. They all looked terrified as they watched Wang Lin approach. When he came closer, they all retreated and didn't dare to stop Wang Lin. Everywhere he went, people backed off. The 300 foot distance became 200 feet, 100 feet, 30 feet. "Junior dares!!" Just when Wang Lin came within 30 feet from the girl, Dao Master Miao Yin's roar came from the storm, followed by an ancient laugh that seemed to be stopping him. This caused the rumbles to echo inside the storm. Dao Master Miao Yin let out a groan as a ray of light pierce through the world. This ray of light shot toward Wang Lin, and it contained the power of 100,000 Joss Flame souls. As the light closed in, the voice of the girl from the Sealing Extermination Clan echoed.

".... seal this person's essence…"

Wang Lin didn't even look. Thunder flashed in his right eye and the thunder tattoo appeared behind him with nine accompanying thunders rotating around it. The nine-colored fire burned in his left eye and unexpectedly integrated with the thunder tattoo. The thunder and fire essences fused to form a perfect burning thunder tattoo. The 100,000 Joss Flame souls' light collided with the burning thunder tattoo. A thunderous bang echoed and Wang Lin let out a groan. He borrowed this force to move forward, and his fingers landed between the eyebrows of the girl from the Sealing Extermination Clan.

The girl didn't even finish one sentence before her vision was replaced by Wang Lin's finger. When Wang Lin's finger landed between her eyebrows, she immediately coughed out blood. Countless restrictions sealed her entire body, and with a wave of Wang Lin's sleeve, she was put away inside his storage space.

This entire process was as smooth as the flowing water. Wang Lin turned around and looked at the sky with a cold gaze!
