Chapter 2005

Wang Lin’s expression was calm and his white haired fluttered. He let out a sigh and walked forward. For the first time, he felt like he was not suited for the Ancient clan.

“I can see a lot about the Ancient clan’s imperial power from this small matter…” Aside from getting a map jade, Wang Lin had stayed here to see just how strong the imperial power of the Ancient clan really was.

A mere prince, not even the Ancient Shi Emperor, would make an entire city kneel. And he merely didn’t kneel and that already shocked everyone.

The golden-armored burly man was originally polite, but in a flash, he was filled with killing intent and anger. It was as if not kneeling was a great crime!

And as for the prince, just because he hadn’t knelt, the prince was going to take his life. From the prince’s expression, killing a clan member was as casual as breathing.

This would only happen when the imperial power had reached an extreme. Most importantly, all the people kneeling were looking at the prince with reverence and excitement from the bottom of their hearts. It was as they would do anything the prince told them to, even kill themselves.

“Since the Ancient Shi is like this, then the Ancient Dao must also be like this… Perhaps I’m not suited for this place…” Wang Lin silently pondered and stepped out. When he took the third step, the ancient demon’s claws closed in. Everyone watched as the ancient demon’s claws overlap with Wang Lin’s figure!

It looked like Wang Lin was caught!

After everyone saw this, whether it was the golden-armored burly man, Demon Lord Kong Shi, the black-robed youth, everyone kneeling there, and even the leather-armored soldier who had given Wang Lin the jade, they all revealed cold gazes.

Their cold gazes seemed to condense into a sentence.

“All who disrespect the imperial power will die…” Wang Lin’s voice echoed in the world. The ancient demon’s claws, which had overlapped with his body, seemed to become transparent and he calmly walked through them.

Or it could be said that Wang Lin had become transparent and the ancient demon’s claws had grabbed nothing. A rumble echoed as Wang Lin walked toward the ancient devil the Ancient Dao ambassadors were on.

When the ancient demon grabbed nothing, the madness in its eyes became even more intense. Its right hand reached for Wang Lin’s back, but the eyes of the prince narrowed. He stared at Wang Lin with a serious expression.

Not only him, but all the people kneeling were startled. From their view, Wang Lin should have died, but he had somehow walked out.

The pupils of the golden-armored burly man shrank. He was also a 9-star ancient god, and he knew he couldn’t do this. Perhaps only a Demon Lord’s body could be so strange.

However, Kong Shi’s heart was in chaos. The moment Wang Lin had walked out, he hadn’t sensed any demonic power, but this just made it even more unusual!

“He… Who is he!?”

The young man in black was the most shocked. He was a Devil Lord, and he thought he had seen through Wang Lin. However, after seeing Wang Lin calmly walk out of the claws, he took a deep breath, but his eyes were filled with battle intent.

The seven people on the Ancient Devil had come here from the Ancient Dao on the order of the Ancient Dao Emperor. When they saw Wang Lin not kneeling, they thought they would get to watch a show. However, they couldn’t help but be surprised when Wang Lin walked out, but they didn’t take it to heart. After all, this was a matter within the Ancient Shi, and it had nothing to do with them.

However, when they saw Wang Lin walk toward them, they were puzzled.

Wang Lin was not fast or slow, and behind him, the ancient demon’s claws had returned. It let out another roar and reached toward Wang Lin once more. Wang Lin frowned slightly and stopped. As the claws closed in, he turned to look at the ancient demon.

“You’re courting death!”

His words didn’t rumble like thunder and the world didn’t change colors. However, the ancient demon shivered and the madness in its eyes disappeared, turning into fear. It was as if Wang Lin’s gaze was enough to cause it to collapse and feel the shroud of death.

The ancient demon’s roar stopped and it let out a miserable cry. It quickly retreated and knelt down on the ground. Its huge body started to kowtow at Wang Lin.

When this happened, everyone around gasped and revealed shock and horror. The battle intent in the eyes of the black-robed youth immediately dissipated. His body trembled and became covered in cold sweat.

The golden-armored burly man shivered. He thought about how he had said that he was going to kill Wang Lin. He could not have expected Wang Lin to terrify the ancient demon with just a gaze.

The prince and the woman next to the prince flew up into the air. They looked down in shock. The price was well aware of the strength of this ancient demon. It could even battle against an Empyrean Exalt in the celestial clan!

However, this powerful ancient demon was now terrified to this degree. This showed that this person who hadn’t knelt had terrifying strength.

“You… You…” Prince Ji Du’s expression was pale.

Wang Lin ignored everyone and withdrew his gaze from the ancient demon. As everyone’s gazes gathered on him, he walked toward the ancient devil.

This ancient devil’s eyes were originally red and gave off a sense of madness, but at this moment, it let out a whimper. Its whole body trembled and it crouched on the ground as a show of obedience. It didn’t dare to move.

The seven people above its head were terrified as they watched Wang Lin walk over. Aside from an old man, the other six all retreated and erupted their respective Ancient clan powers.

Among the seven, four of them had reached nine stars and the other two had reached a certain degree in terms of crossing, fusing, and refining.

The strongest was the old man who hadn’t retreated as Wang Lin closed in. His expression was extremely heavy as he let out a roar and nine stars appeared between his eyebrows and in both his eyes!

A total of 27 stars! These 27 stars emitted a ghostly light and three large shadows appeared behind the old man. They were an ancient god, ancient demon, and ancient devil!

These three shadows stood there and glared at the incoming Wang Lin.

“No matter what issue you have with the Ancient Shi, it has nothing to do with our Ancient Dao!” The old man felt bitterness in his heart. He didn’t know why Wang Lin was walking toward them.

“Liang Yun’s group of three has cultivation equal to Arcane Void. Perhaps due to the different in bloodline, there are some differences. As for this old man with 27 stars, his cultivation is equal to Void Tribulant.

“When I was in the cave world, my 27 stars were not complete and slowly become complete during my hundreds of years at the celestial clan, but the power I can display is far above that of this person.

“Perhaps this is the difference in bloodlines. Ye Mo’s cultivation level was obviously higher than Seven-Colored’s, so that’s why Seven-Colored got Li Guang’s help. Li Guang’s cultivation level should’ve been Empyrean Exalt according to my understanding of the ancestral city. The chances of him being an Ascendant Empyrean is not high, or else he wouldn’t have died.

“From this point of view, Ye Mo should have power similar to that of an Empyrean Exalt. He had all 27 stars integrated and had passed all three trials. Then this Ancient clan member is comparable to Empyrean Exalts.

“The Ancient clan should be similar to the celestial clan in this regard; there shouldn’t be more than 1,000 people with this much power.” Wang Lin stepped onto the arm of the ancient devil and arrived on its head. He looked at the old man, causing the old man’s expression to change and sweat to appear on his forehead. The old man could not bear the pressure from Wang Lin’s eyes and subconsciously retreated a few steps.

If he was like this, there was no need to mention the six people behind him. They all retreated with pale expressions.

“Did all of you come from the Ancient Dao imperial city?” Wang Lin’s expression was calm as he spoke. He gave off the aura of a grandmaster and created an invisible pressure that made the old man’s mouth dry up and his heartbeat accelerate. He only had this feeling when facing the Ancient Emperor, but what caused that feeling was the heritage of the Ancient Emperor.

The person before him replied on their own power!

“Yes… I was given the name of Ye Hai by the Ancient Emperor and this is my sixth trip visiting the Ancient Shi to help the Emperor look for a concubine.” The old man took a deep breath and stopped trying to resist the pressure from Wang Lin, instead revealing respect.

“Hundreds of years to select a concubine?” Wang Lin heard it again and was still surprised.

The old man smiled bitterly and nodded.

Wang Lin casually asked, “It’s a bit interesting. Has one been chosen yet?”

“This time, with Prince Ji Du leading us, we went to six countries and chose three women. The last one is at Blackstone City. After this, we will return to the Ancient Dao.” The old man responded quickly and didn’t dare to hide anything. He quickly slapped the ancient devil beneath him.

The ancient devil’s body trembled and ripples echoed as two beautiful women walked out. Their eyes were filled with fear as they bowed at Wang Lin.

The old man respectfully said, “These two were the ones chosen.”

Wang Lin’s gaze swept past the two women and then he calmly said, “Since you came from the Ancient Dao, give me a map to the Ancient Dao imperial city.”

The old man was startled. After hesitating for a moment, he took out a jade and respectfully handed it Wang Lin.

After taking the jade, Wang Lin took a look and walked off from the ancient devil’s head. He was ready to leave. As for the prince, Wang Lin didn’t consider him worthy of his attention.

“Senior, please wait!” the prince immediately said before appearing before Wang Lin. He gave Wang Lin a deep bow and his expression was very sincere.

“Junior Ji Du offended Senior earlier. I hope Senior doesn’t mind. Please give Junior a chance to compensate you.”

“Oh? How will you compensate me?” Wang Lin revealed a smile that wasn’t a smile.

After seeing Wang Lin speak, the prince became spirited and he quickly clasped his hands.

“I ask Senior to please wait for a moment. Once I send off the Ancient Dao ambassadors, I’ll definitely satisfy Senior.” After Wang Lin nodded, the prince immediately sent out a message to the burly man in the golden armor below.

“Please invite Lady Song Zhi to go with the Ancient Dao ambassadors.”

Shortly after, a woman wearing blue walked out from the city gate. Her appearance was not perfect, but she had a pure temperament. As she walked out, she raised her head, and it was at this moment that Wang Lin looked over.

Their gazes seem to collide in the sky.
