Chapter 2006

The autumn wind blew across the black earth. This was a season that was cold at first but then warm. There were mountains and forests outside Blackstone City, and dried leaves flew with the wind.

A dead yellow leaf flew in the wind and fell outside of Blackstone City, blocking the gazes from the man and woman from meeting.

When the leaf scattered, Wang Lin withdrew his gaze. This was a very ordinary woman. She had the bloodline of an ancient demon but gave off no demonic aura. Instead, she gave off the aura of a pure white lotus.

Below the woman’s right eye was a birthmark. Not only did this birthmark not destroy her purity, it added an extra touch. With it, even though she was not an absolute beauty, she still made one’s heart pound.

Like her name, Song Zhi was as exquisite as someone in a painting.

“Song Zhi greets the prince and fellow lords of the Ancient Dao ambassadors.” Her face was slightly red as she bowed at everyone.

“Your surname is Song? She is the person the prince spoke of?” The old man on the ancient devil recovered. When he looked at the woman, his expression became serious.

“That’s right, her last name is Song.” The prince smiled and continued, “Speaking of which, she is part of the Grand Empyrean’s Song family. However, the Grand Empyrean’s family is large and she is from a faraway branch family. However, at Blackstone City, her family is considered powerful.”

The old man on top of the ancient devil pondered for a moment and then clasped his hands at the prince. “Many thanks for Prince’s help. I’ll take this woman away. If she doesn’t get chosen, then we will send her back.”

“Good. Song Zhi, follow the Ancient Dao ambassadors.” The prince didn’t care about this at all. He smiled as he gave the command and then looked at Wang Lin with fervor in his eyes.

The woman named Song Zhi seemed to let out a sigh, but her personality was very gentle and she could not refuse this matter. She bit her lower lip and walked toward the ancient devil.

Wang Lin was directly in the woman’s path. When she got near him, she bowed slightly to show respect and then walked around Wang Lin toward the ancient devil.

A faint fragrance entered Wang Lin’s nose and gradually dissipated as she left.

When she stepped onto the ancient demon and next to the old man, the wind caused her hair to cover up her face. However, it could not hide the look of melancholy and unwillingness in her eyes as she looked at her hometown.

“I hope I won’t be picked… I’m not that beautiful, so I should… not be selected… Aunty Chang and Sister Dong are still waiting for me…” The woman lowered her head and her hair covered the faint tears in her eyes.

After the Ancient Dao ambassadors received Song Zhi, they politely clasped their hands at the prince and Wang Lin. The ancient devil suddenly looked up at the sky and let out a roar. It jumped toward the rift that had opened in the sky. It then turned into black fog and disappeared inside.

This place was very far from the Ancient Dao imperial city. Even with the ancient devil, it would take them several months to return home.

After the Ancient Dao ambassadors left, the golden-armored burly man led everyone back into the city. A moment later, the outside of the city was empty, aside from Wang Lin, the trembling ancient demon, the prince, and the woman behind the prince.

Prince Ji Du smiled and clasped his hands at Wang Lin. “I still don’t know what Senior’s name is. Can you tell me?”

Wang Lin looked at the prince and slowly said, “Wang Lin.”

“So it turns out to be Senior Wang. Senior, this is not a good place to talk. Junior has a palace in the Dark Country. If Senior doesn’t mind, we can go there and talk in detail about how Junior will compensate Senior for my reckless behavior before.” The prince looked very sincere and clasped his hands at Wang Lin.

Looking at how the prince was so respectful now compared to the indifference before, Wang Lin’s eyes lit up an undetectable amount.

“The imperial power… is still very weak before power… The reason the imperial family has so much power is mainly due to Grand Empyrean Gu Dao. Once Gu Dao is no more, the imperial family will lose power just like the celestial clan!” Wang Lin silently pondered and then nodded.

Prince Ji Du was very happy and respectfully moved aside, letting Wang Lin step onto the ancient demon first. The woman beside the price wanted to speak but was forced to swallow her words by the prince’s gaze.

The ancient demon was very obedient when Wang Lin stepped on it. Although its eyes were still red, they no longer contained any madness and it didn’t even howl. It jumped into the rift in the sky and disappeared.

After it disappeared, the rift in the sky dissipated as well and returned to normal. It was as if everything that had just happened never happened.

However, just as the ancient demon left, a cold and majestic voice entered the ears of Liang Yun, Kong Shi, and the black-robed youth.

“The three of you are not allowed to spread the news of Senior Wang being here, and don’t allow others to spread this matter! If any information leaks out, the three of your families will be wiped out!”

This voice belonged to Prince Ji Du!

The Dark Country of the Ancient Shi. This country was covered by fog year-round, which was how it obtained its name.

Rumor had it that below the Dark Country was a fog-like lieform. After being captured by the Ancient Ancestor, it had been sealed to form this country.

Inside the fog, there was a horseshoe-shaped mountain. On it stood a large palace that gave off a powerful atmosphere.

There were many servants and guards living at the palace. On this day, the fog above the palace split apart, revealing the night sky. A huge rift appeared and a giant ancient demon came out!

The moment the ancient demon appeared, everyone inside the palace noticed it. The servants and guards all knelt on the ground.

“Welcome back, Prince!”

The neat voices, respectful gesture,s and their excited expressions all showed that Prince Ji Du was an extremely noble existence in their eyes.

The giant ancient demon landed on a large square. This square was obviously prepared for the ancient demon so it could land. The ancient demon landed and knelt down so its head was touching the ground.

Wang Lin calmly walked down. Behind him were the prince and the woman, who felt wronged.

After Wang Lin walked down, he looked at the submissive giant ancient demon. “This ancient demon is pretty good.”

“It is this ancient demon’s honor to receive Senior’s praise. Father gifted it to me to help with travel and protect me. This kind of ancient demon is rare. He was a warrior of my Ancient Shi before, but, unfortunately, after his 27 stars fused, he failed to obtain the Ancient Ancestor’s recognition. He degraded back into a demon and lost his mind.” The prince sighed after he spoke.

Wang Lin nodded. His gaze swept the ancient demon again before he turned to look at the palace.

His actions were noticed by Prince Ji Du. After hesitating a bit, he clenched his teeth and spoke.

“If Senior Wang likes this ancient demon, then Junior is willing to gift it to Senior.”

“Oh?” Wang Lin looked at Ji Du.

Prince Ji Du also looked at Wang Lin, and his expression was extremely sincere.

Wang Lin slowly said, “This is the compensation you were talking about?”

“Senior misunderstands. How can a mere giant ancient demon compensate Senior? Senior, let us head into the place to talk.” The prince smiled and led Wang Lin forward. The three of them walked into the palace before the square.

This palace was very luxurious but still gave off an overbearing aura. After Wang Lin stepped into the hall, the prince quickly walked forward before Wang Lin. He clasped his hands with an extremely serious expression and suddenly bowed.

“Junior Ancient Shi Prince Ji Du greets White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean!” After the prince spoke, a cry came from the woman behind him. She was filled with disbelief and retreated several steps. She was completely shocked by her brother’s words.

White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean!!

The Ancient clans were constantly spying on the movements of the celestial clan, especially news of new powerful cultivators appearing. The Ancient clan had naturally paid a great deal of attention to Wang Lin. They had paid even more attention to him than the five Grand Empyreans. After all, the five Grand Empyreans were known factors, but they knew very little about the number one Ascendant Empyrean!

There was a hint of surprise in Wang Lin’s eyes, and his gaze toward Prince Ji Du gradually became cold.

“Junior is not testing Senior. Senior appeared in Blackstone City, where it is close to the sea that separates us and the celestial clan. Senior also has the power to terrify the ancient demon with a stare, and you didn’t try to hide your identity by telling me your name.

“Moreover, Junior has a list of pictures of the powerful members of the celestial clan, and Senior’s picture has been added. However, only the three imperial families have access to these pictures, so outsiders won’t recognize Senior.” The prince broke out in cold sweat from Wang Lin’s cold gaze. However, he clenched his teeth and remained still. He took out the jade and respectfully handed it to Wang Lin.

Wang Lin’s expression was still cold as he took the jade. His divine sense swept it and he immediately saw the portraits of the five Grand Empyreans and all the Ascendant Empyreans. There were a lot of Empyrean Exalts as well.

However, only his portrait and those of the five Grand Empyreans gave off a golden glow. All the other portraits looked very ordinary.
