Chapter 2007

“Prince Ji Du is very cunning… The picture in his jade is almost exactly the same as me, and it allows people to recognize me at a glance. So this means that when he saw me at Blackstone City, he already had his suspicion!

“But he hid it very well, to the point that not even I noticed.” Wang Lin took the jade and looked at Ji Du. His face was still filled with respect, but it was now pale and covered in sweat.

“That’s why he deliberately made the ancient demon attack, to verify his suspicion. Then, once he was certain, he revealed the right amount of shock. Finally, to make me stay, he asked me to stay so he could pay me respect.

“However, since he dared to point out my identity here and bow to me, it means he is trying to show he has no hostility towards me. However, why does he think that a celestial clan Ascendant Empyrean wouldn’t just kill a prince like him...

“Unless…” Wang Lin’s expression was calm. His gaze lingered on Prince Ji Du for a moment before retracting them.

Wang Lin slowly said, “Since you dare to say this before me, then you already know my identity.”

After prince Ju Di heard this, he relaxed a bit. His action earlier was the same as walking into death, but he was determined. He would not give up this chance after meeting Wang Lin, especially when it would determine his fate!

“Ancient Dao Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo’s only disciple is named Wang Lin. Although this matter is a secret, as a member of the royal family, we still found out. When Xuan Luo went to the celestial clan and came back, he immediately went into closed door cultivation. We began to investigate, and with the help of Grand Empyrean Song, we guessed most of it.

“However, even then, Father and Grand Empyrean Song Tian were not sure if the celestial clan’s White-Haired Empyrean Exalt Wang Lin was the same person as Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo’s disciple.

“Even Junior only realized it after seeing Senior at Blackstone City. It turns out that Senior is indeed Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo’s disciple!” Ji Du sweated even more as he quickly spoke. Before Wang Lin, he felt a great pressure even stronger than when he faced his father; it was comparable to Grand Empyrean Song Tian.

The woman behind him turned pale after listening to all of this. Her eyes were filled with disbelief. However, for her to be allowed to stay, then she was obviously someone Ji Du trusted.

Wang Lin’s gaze swept by the woman. She looked similar to Ji Du.

“This is my younger sister. She had the same mother as me,” Ji Du quickly explained.

Wang Lin slowly said, “Since you know my identity, know I’m Xuan Luo’s disciple, and saw me asking for the map to the Ancient Dao, you know I’m heading there, so why are you bowing to me?”

“Senior, the Ancient Dao is not a good place… Even if Senior is Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo’s disciple, the Ancient Dao Emperor is very narrow-minded. If Senior goes, you will surely be suppressed…” Before Prince Ji Du finished speaking, there was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes and he let out a cold snort.

He waved his sleeve and turned to leave the palace.

“Senior!!” Prince Ju Di clenched his teeth and got down on one knee! As the prince, he only knelt to his father and mother and never anyone else, but today, he was kneeling before Wang Lin.

If it was in the celestial clan, this matter would not be a big deal, but in the Ancient Clan, where imperial power ruled supreme, Prince Ji Du’s action was enough to shock everyone!

This royal sister was startled, and after hesitating a bit, she also knelt down.

“Senior, Junior is willing to become your adopted son and you will become my godfather. Once I become the Ancient Shi emperor, you would be the imperial father!!

“I ask Senior to help me! Father has seven sons, and I’m ranked fifth. If Senior is willing to help me, I’m willing to satisfy all of Senior’s requirements!” Prince Ji Du said loudly. His voice was filled with sincerity and desire.

Wang Lin stopped and turned to look at Prince Ji Du. His eyes gradually revealed a ghostly light.

“As a prince of the Ancient Shi, whose imperial power rules supreme, to actually kneel to me… Answer me, who told you to accompany the Ancient Dao ambassadors?

“Who told you that if you meet me, you must be even willing to kneel to make me stay!

“And who told you that you would meet me in Blackstone City?” Wang Lin would not believe that this happened without some cause. Otherwise, this prince would not be kneeling. Someone must have told him ahead of time!

And this person had to be someone the prince believed in enough to follow their directions!

Prince Ju Di’s expression was pale. Although he was very cunning, before Wang Lin, he felt like he was completely seen through.

“It… It was the imperial teacher… The imperial teacher is my uncle, my mother’s younger brother… 10 years ago, he came out of closed door cultivation and divinated my future. He told me that when the Ancient Dao ambassadors come, I must accompany them. There, I’ll meet a chance to change my fate...

“If I can grasp this chance, my fate will change and my future will be limitless… But if I can’t grasp it, then I won’t live more than 100 years… As for the specifics, he couldn’t see clearly and only had a vague feeling. After that, he… he died.”

Facing Wang Lin’s powerful gaze, Prince Ji Du’s mind trembled and he didn’t dare to hide anything.

Wang Lin frowned. He had a deep dread toward the title of imperial teacher. These people were very good at divination, and Wang Lin had seen how terrifying they could be in the celestial clan.

However, this Ancient clan imperial teacher could obviously not compare the celestial clan and couldn’t see things clearly. With Wang Lin’s cultivation level, no matter how cunning the prince was, he could tell that he was not lying.

“If Godfather helps me, then everything will be complete! Now that Father is getting old and ready to retire, a new emperor will be chosen among my seven siblings… Godfather doesn’t need to immediately make a decision, but if one day Godfather decides to leave the Ancient Dao and has nowhere to go, please come here so this child can fulfill his filial piety,” Prince Ji Du quickly said.

“This child had prepared a gift for Godfather. This is my piety towards Godfather, please accept it.” The prince raised his right hand and something appeared.

This item was a jade body, and he respectfully handed it to Wang Lin.

Wang Lin pondered a bit and then took the jade. He scanned it with his divine sense and saw a jade and a cylinder as thick as a finger.

“This jade is a powerful treasure of my Ancient Shi. This was given to me by my father when I was born. Only the royal clan of the Ancient Shi can obtain it, and they only get one in their life.

“This item is an ancestral jade, and the power of the Ancient Ancestor’s finger is sealed inside. This item is very powerful, but its greatest role is to comprehend. If one can comprehend this finger, then it will be very useful.

“However, all the previous generations of Ancient Shi princes, and even the emperors, were unable to comprehend it. This is the most powerful treasure a prince gets. This child will gift it to Godfather.

“This cylinder contains a liquid. It is impossible to investigate its origins. The Ancient Ancestor left it, and it contains pure wood essence. This child knows that for Godfather to gain such reputation in the celestial clan, you had to cultivate essences, so I prepared this item.

This child is only the prince and not the Ancient Shi emperor, but if I become the Ancient Shi emperor, then I’ll open the Ancient Shi’s treasure room for godfather to choose. I’ll use the full force of the Ancient Shi to repay godfather for helping me ascend to the throne!!” The prince’s words were filled with determination and decisiveness.

Wang Lin held the jade box and silently pondered, but he didn’t put it away.

As Wang Lin silently pondered, the entire palace was quiet. Prince Ji Du was extremely nervous, and he wasn’t faking it - his heart was really nervous. He had already been very sincere and paid the price. He had even knelt down, hadn’t hesitated to recognize Wang Lin as his godfather, and had given a heavy gift only to get Wang Lin’s recognition and help.

He believed his uncle, who had died 10 years ago. What his uncle had told him before his death was imprinted in his heart.

“I can’t divinate who this person is, but if he is willing to help, you will become the Ancient Shi emperor. There is even a chance you can unite the three clans and become the real Ancient Emperor!!

“I cannot be wrong. This is a trace of the future I divinated at the price of my life!

“If he doesn’t help you, then… you won’t live more than 100 years…” Ji Du thought about his uncle. His uncle’s sad gaze as he gradually closed his eyes and released Ji Du’s hands.

“Godfather!!” Ji Du knelt on the ground and kowtowed at Wang Lin.

The banging sounds echoed inside the temple and broke the silence. His royal sister’s face turned pale. She felt that this matter was very important to her royal brother!

After a long time, as the banging sound echoed, Wang Lin’s words echoed.

“Give me a jade that will let me find you!”

Ji Du’s body trembled and joy filled his face. He quickly took out a jade and excitedly handed it to Wang Lin.

“If there is really a day when I’ll leave the Ancient Dao, you can then call me ‘godfather!’” Wang Lin decided that he couldn’t solely bet his entire future on the Ancient Dao. He was going to take this chance and leave a backup!

After he finished speaking, Wang Lin put away the jade box and the jade Ji Du had given him. He turned and stepped outside. His figure disappeared into the fog.

After Wang Lin left, Ji Du was soaked in sweat, but he was very excited and vigorously clenched his fist.

“Royal sister, with my understanding of the Ancient Dao Emperor, Godfather will certainly be uncomfortable. A powerful person like him is not someone a mere Ancient Dao Emperor can hold down. Godfather will definitely come and help me… He must!

The woman stood up and softly asked, “Is it worth it…”

Prince Ji Du laughed.

“It’s worth it! With his current strength, there is no need for him to go find Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo. This shows that Godfather cares about his relationships. Since I respect him and have taken him as my godfather, he will not harm me!”
