Chapter 2009

In the Ancient Dao imperial palace, the man in the royal robe clenched his hands and had a gloomy expression.

Behind him, the old man didn’t dare to gasp. He was equally shocked, but due to the pressure, he didn’t dare to reveal any of it.

“I felt the aura of the soul blood…” Killing intent appeared in the eyes of the man in the royal robe. He had a guess over the last few hundred years, and it was like a thorn in his heart!

After a long time, the man in the royal robe said, “Quickly, fuse those selected women with the soul!”

“As you command!” The old man immediately knelt down. His back was soaked in sweat. Facing this moody Ancient Dao Emperor, he had seen too many people executed for no reason.

The man in the royal robe waved his sleeve and disappeared.

In the southern part of the city, outside the Ancient Dao Temple, Wang Lin was surrounded by citizens of the Ancient Dao, who were looking at him in horror. He stepped toward the Ancient Dao Temple but didn’t enter and instead disappeared before the temple.

When he reappeared, he was in the back mountain, in a palace that was like a paradise. Beside him was a clear stream that flowed along a rock path, and there were fishes happily swimming inside.

Beside the stream was a hut, and there was a stone table before the hunt along with a few stone chairs. There was a green-robed young man sitting on one of the stone chairs. Although he looked young, he gave off an ancient aura as if he had lived for countless years.

He looked at Wang Lin with a smile.

There was a teapot on the stone table, and the moment Wang Lin appeared, the water boiled and bubbled.

“Come, Teacher has boiled this pot of water for you so we can taste this tea together.”

Wang Lin also smiled and walked up. He poured half a cup for each of them. He picked up one cup and handed it over with both his hands to the green-robed young man.

The man accepted with a smile and looked at Wang Lin with a kind gaze.

Wang Lin sat on the side and picked up his own teacup. He took a sip and closed his eyes as he felt the aroma fill his mouth. The hot air spread and made his whole body feel warm.

“How is it?” The green-robe young man smiled.

“There is warmth of home.” Wang Lin opened his eyes and smiled.

When the green-robed young man heard this, he immediately began to laugh. He had waited here for his disciple to arrive and had even prepared a pot of hot tea. This was to tell Wang Lin that from now on, this was his home!

Because the tea could warm up the body and make people feel a sense of warmth.

The two hadn’t met for hundreds of years, but at this moment, there was no barrier between them. The green-robed young man looked at Wang Lin, and the more he looked, the more satisfied he became.

“When Teacher left the celestial clan, I was feeling very helpless, but when I noticed you appear in the celestial clan, I knew that the two of us would meet again one day!

“Teacher has been preparing this pot of tea since then!” The green-robed young man was Xuan Luo!

“Teacher watched everything you did in the celestial clan, but Teacher could not head over. If Teacher had, then all the Grand Empyreans in the celestial clan would have noticed…” Xuan Luo said as he looked at Wang Lin.

“But I believed that the only disciple I accepted would be extraordinary. He would walk out from the celestial clan and come to my Ancient Dao!”

Wang Lin put down the cup of tea and his gaze met Xuan Luo’s gaze.

“Disciple promised Teacher to come here and guard the Ancient Dao…”

“White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean, number one under Grand Empyreans!” Xuan Luo laughed as he stood up.

“Wang Lin, rest for a few days. In three days, Teacher will take you to a few places that will help your cultivation greatly. They will be my first gift to you for taking me as your teacher!”

Xuan Luo looked at Wang Lin with a smile, then he disappeared.

“Wang Lin, I gift this place to you!”

Wang Lin stood up and bowed at the sky. After a long time, he raised his head and looked around with a complicated gaze. The complication in his eyes gradually disappeared.

“Forget it, let’s stay at the Ancient Dao…” Wang Lin let out a sigh before he sat down on the stone chair and silently drank tea.

He decided to stay here for a long time. If there was no accident… he could guard the Ancient Dao until he fulfilled his commitment with Xuan Luo, even though he still felt unfamiliar here.

Three days of time passed by in a flash. Wang Lin stayed in this paradise-like place and watched the sunrise and sunset as he breathed the fresh air. After three days, Wang Lin felt Xuan Luo calling him. He took a step and ripples echoed. He then disappeared from this paradise.

When he reappeared, he was in front of the Ancient Dao Temple. This was the morning of the fourth day, and the mountain was covered in a sheet of green fog. Xuan Luo was standing before the Ancient Dao Temple, and behind him there were nine people.

Among the nine, there were seven men and two women. Their cultivation were extraordinary and all nine of them had obtained 27 stars to obtain the title of Ancient Dao. When Wang Lin appeared, their gazes all gathered on him.

Wang Lin’s expression was calm and his gaze swept past the nine of them. The one with the highest cultivation level was an old man. This person actually gave Wang Lin a feeling equal to that of an Ascendant Empyrean of the celestial clan.

As for the other nine, they were comparable to Empyrean Exalts.

While Wang Lin was looking at them, they were also looking at Wang Lin. However, compared to Wang Lin’s calmness, the moment the nine of them saw Wang Lin, their hearts trembled.

In their view, Wang Lin seemed to turn into a giant vortex that devoured their gazes. Even the ancient power inside their bodies seemed to be pulled in.

The nine of them silently pondered for a moment and then bowed at Wang Lin. “We greet the Young Master!”

“Wang Lin, these nine people are under my command and have followed me for many years. From now on, the nine of them will obey your commands.” Wang Lin smiled and looked at the nine of them bow toward him.

Wang Lin calmly said, “Thank you, Teacher.”

Xuan Luo smiled and was going to continue speaking, but he suddenly frowned and looked to the sky. Wang Lin also noticed something and looked at the sky.

As for the nine of them, they just felt the change in the sky and looked up.

A moment later, a large amount of ripples appeared in the sky and spread out. Purple light flickered and thick, purple mist spread out. Then a roar rang out and a pair of large hands came out of the purple mist. Following that, a large man a few thousand feet tall stepped out.

Behind him, another few ancient demons that were thousands of feet tall followed. A moment later, nearly 100 people walked out of the purple mist.

None of them had weak cultivation. Not many had Empyrean Exalt power, but almost all of them were comparable to Golden Exalts. There were ancient gods, ancient demons, and ancient devils.

After they appeared, they stood neatly in the sky and knelt down toward the purple mist.

“Welcome, Ancient Emperor!” A roar-like sound echoed through the world.

As the voices echoed, the purple mist violently churned and a person walked out. He was wearing a royal robe and a crown and gave off a pressure without being angry.

Behind him were two old men. The two old men’s backs were bent as they followed him.

Wang Lin’s gaze swept by the two old men and his pupils lit up an undetectable amount. These two had auras no weaker than Ascendant Empyreans!

“Welcome, Ancient Emperor!” The nine people under Xuan Luo immediately became respectful when they saw the purple gas. The moment the man in the royal robe appeared, they revealed excited expressions and immediately dropped down on one knee.

Only Xuan Luo and Wang Lin calmly stood there and watched.

“Ye Mo greets Lord Xuan.” The man in the royal robe smiled and his imposing aura melted, becoming like a spring breeze. Anyone who saw it would feel a sense of familiarity.

Wang Lin stood there and looked at the man wearing the royal robe. From the people kneeling and their words, Wang Lin knew that he was the Ancient Dao Emperor!

Looking at this person, Wang Lin couldn’t help but compare him to Celestial Emperor Lian Daozhen. Whether it was cultivation or temperament, he could not compare to the Celestial Emperor. However, he had the respect of the people, which was obvious from seeing the nine people under Xuan Luo.

“His cultivation level is only at Empyrean Exalt.” Wang Lin’s expression was neutral. The power of the imperial family could affect everyone in the Ancient Dao, but it can’t affect Wang Lin.

Xuan Luo’s expression remained the same as he slowly said, “Why did you come?”

“Three days ago, Ye Dao noticed the raging smoke rising into the sky and guessed that a powerful person had appeared in my Ancient Dao, so I came to see. Is this the person?” The Ancient Dao Emperor nodded at Wang Lin.

“He is my disciple. I presume you have heard of him as well. The celestial clan’s White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean, Wang Lin! He will replace this old man during my reincarnation to protect the Ancient Dao,” Xuan Luo said calmly as he looked at the Ancient Dao Emperor profoundly.

“Wang Lin, he is the emperor of my Ancient Dao! He is also the person you need to guard in the future. If he retires, then you need to choose one of the many princes to become the new emperor. This is the right of a Grand Empyrean!”

Wang Lin’s expression remained the same, but his heart skipped a beat. This was the first time he had heard that each generation of emperor was chosen by the Grand Empyrean!

“The imperial family and the Grand Empyreans have coexisted since ancient times… Perhaps this is the reason! No wonder Prince Ji Du sought my help. My combat power is number one under Grand Empyreans. My help could allow him to gain the favor of the Grand Empyrean.”

As Wang Lin pondered, a roar came from the old man next to the emperor.

“Although you are a disciple of a Grand Empyrean, you are still a member of the Ancient Dao. According to the rules, all clan members, aside from the Grand Empyrean, must kneel before the Ancient Dao Emperor!

“You, why aren’t you kneeling!” The old man’s eyes revealed a cold gaze and his words were cold.
