Chapter 2010

After he spoke, everyone became silent and everyone’s gazes gathered on Wang Lin. It was as the old man had said - in the Ancient Dao, aside from the Grand Empyrean, everyone in the presence of the Ancient Dao Emperor had to kneel!

This was the embodiment of the imperial power. If one didn’t obey, then it was disrespect to the imperial power!

And in the Ancient clan, there were few crimes more serious than disprect to the imperial power!

Even Xuan Luo was startled when he heard these words. Although he was a Grand Empyrean, he still belonged to the Ancient Dao. Before he became a Grand Empyrean, he still had to kneel to that generation’s emperor to show respect.

The Ancient Dao Emperor smiled and looked at Wang Lin, but he sneered in his heart. He had come today to determine if the person that had caused the abnormality with the incense stove was the person he had guessed.

If not, then he would recruit that person.

But if it was the person he had guessed, he had to personally see what was so extraordinary about this person!

“What right do you have to become Xuan Luo’s disciple when I was turned down by him? Why do I only have six drops and you… you have 10 drops!! And the last drop is a drop of soul blood!!”

“This matter was sealed by Xuan Luo, so my Ancient Dao doesn’t know. Xuan Luo didn’t even hesitate to say that anyone who violated this would be put to death no matter what their identity was!!

“A Grand Empyrean doesn’t have the right to decide if I should live or die. The reason he said that back then is because he thought that his disciple would gain the recognition of Empyrean Exalt Gu Dao!

“But he can’t be a descendent of the royal family. I don’t believe he will obtain the recognition of Grand Empyrean Gu Dao!!” The Ancient Dao Emperor still had the gentle smile, but hidden beneath was hundreds of years of jealousy!

This jealousy had existed since Wang Lin obtained the soul blood all the way until now, when he saw that Wang Lin was indeed the White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean, number one under Grand Empyreans. His jealousy was suddenly ignited, but he suppressed it.

Wang Lin’s expression was calm and his gaze swept past the emperor. When his gaze fell on the old man who had roared at him, his eyes released a golden light.

Wang Lin slowly said, “What did you say? Repeat it again.”

This old man had Ascendant Empyrean cultivation, but even so, under Wang Lin’s gaze, his expression changed greatly.

His face immediately turned pale and his ancient power rumbled inside this body. He felt a pressure coming from Wang Lin’s body, and he was unable to withstand it.

More importantly, under Wang Lin’s gaze, he felt a tremor in his blood, as if Wang Lin had an unimaginably noble bloodline. This bloodline made the old man’s body tremble.

“Enough. Did you come here to make my disciple kneel to you? He is the future guardian of the Ancient Dao that I have chosen.” Xuan Luo revealed an unhappy expression.

The Ancient Dao Emperor smiled and turned to look at the old man with a cold gaze.

“Back down. Lord Xuan’s disciple has the same status as me. You have no right to speak!”

The old man quickly nodded. He was covered in sweat. It was unknown if it was from the Emperor’s roar or the fear from Wang Lin’s gaze.

“Wang Lin, right, I have heard your name a lot, especially as the White Haired Ascendant Empyrean that shook the celestial clan! When I first heard of you, I felt regret that this kind of genius didn’t appear in the Ancient Dao!

“But now I’m very happy!

“This powerful cultivator, number one below Grand Empyreans, is a member of my Ancient Dao! This is a joyous matter!” The Ancient Dao emperor smiled as if he was very happy.

“Chang Shi!” As the Ancient Dao Emperor smiled, another old man behind him immediately bowed.

“This humble one is here!”

“Inform the Ancient Dao clan that Wang Lin is the future guardian of the Ancient Dao and has status equal to mine. Aside the grand ceremony of the entire clan, there is no need to kneel! If anyone dares to disobey, their entire clan will be killed!”

The old man respectfully said, “As you command!”

“Wang Lin, I present this to you. With this, you can enter and leave the palace as you wish. I have a few sons I need you to personally see and select an heir for me!” The Emperor smiled and waved his right hand. A purple jade appeared and floated before Wang Lin, waiting for him to accept it with both hands.

Wang Lin silently pondered. The ancient emperor was not impatient and continued to smile as he waited.

Xuan Luo silently stood on the side. He knew that if Wang Lin wanted to stay, he would have to integrate into the Ancient Dao and accept the power of the imperial family.

In fact, at the beginning, Xuan Luo was not worried about this because Wang Lin was very weak back then. And right after leaving the cave world, it would’ve been easier for Wang Lin to accept the power of the imperial family.

However, Wang Lin’s growth was beyond Xuan Luo’s expectations. Although he was pleased with Wang Lin’s change, he also felt regret because at Wang Lin’s cultivation level, it would take him more time to accept the power of the imperial family.

“This is my commitment… I can endure this matter!” Wang Lin sighed. He naturally saw through the meaning of the Emperor, but he didn’t want to say more. With a sigh, Wang Lin took a few steps forward and accepted the jade. He then clasped his hands at the Emperor.

“Thanks… Emperor.” Wang Lin held the jade and his expression didn’t change. He retreated a few steps and stood beside Xuan Luo.

The Ancient Dao Emperor nodded with a smile. He looked at Xuan Luo and clasped his hands.

“I’m going to leave now. I’m very happy to meet you today, Wang Lin. Lord Xuan’s choice is for the future of my Ancient Dao!” After seeing Xuan Luo nod, the Emperor waved his sleeve. He didn’t even look at Wang Lin as he turned and left. His guards bowed at Xuan Luo and quickly left.

Soon, the purple mist in the sky dissipated and returned to normal.

In the palace of the sky city, the Emperor appeared in his favorite pavilion. A smile appeared on his face and he began to laugh.

“So what if he is Xuan Luo’s disciple? So what? He has 10 drops of the Ancient Ancestor’s blood, so what? And even if you have a drop of soul blood, so what!? Wang Lin, before me, you still have to kneel!

“And not only once, but all the time! You won’t dare to hurt me, because I have Grand Empyrean Gu Dao’s protection. Once Xuan Luo goes into reincarnation, I want you to know that if I wanted to kill you, it would be as easy as raising my hand!”

Outside the Ancient Dao Temple, Xuan Luo looked at Wang Lin with a complicated expression and silently pondered.

On the contrary, after the Ancient Dao Emperor left, Wang Lin smiled and softly spoke to Xuan Luo.

“Teacher, I have waited three days for the gift you promised.” Wang Lin’s smile made Xuan Luo’s expression even more complicated.

“You came from the cave world and your status there was very high. In the celestial clan, you are the White-Haired Empyrean Exalt, number one under Grand Empyreans! But in the Ancient clan, because of the supremacy of the imperial power, you have to lower your head...

“Teacher expected this before, but now I feel like I have wronged you…” Xuan Luo looked at his disciple.

“Teacher doesn’t need to think too much about it, there is no harm. Since Disciple decided to come here, then Disciple can ignore these vain matters.

“Since the imperial power is supreme in the Ancient clan and the Emperor want to suppress me, then Disciple will kneel during the clan ceremony. If he can bear it, then disciple will kneel.

In the cave world, Disciple had promised Teacher to protect the Ancient Dao. This matter… Disciple will fulfill it.” Wang Lin smiled as he spoke.

Xuan Luo remained silent. After a long time, he made a decision.

“You are Teacher’s only disciple. If you feel like this place is not suitable for you, then you don’t have to keep the promise from the past. You can leave at any time!

“No matter what you choose, no matter where you are, I, Xuan Luo, am your teacher!”

Xuan Luo’s words were sincere and caused a surge of warmth in Wang Lin’s heart. This warmth was like the tea from three days ago, and it made Wang Lin feel warmth again.

He nodded.

“OK, let’s not talk about this matter. Teacher will take you to a few places that will be of great help for your essences!” Xuan Luo smiled and waved his sleeve. He took Wang Lin and they disappeared.

Ancient Dao, Ping Tian Country!

This country was a plain and had no mountains! The plain was covered in grass, and as the wind blew, a wave of rustling sounds would commence. It was very pleasant to the ears.

In the northern part of this plain, there was a deep pool that gave off the smell of decay. It was a stark contrast with the rest of the plain, as if it shouldn’t exist.

“This was found by the Ancient Dao’s previous generation Grand Empyrean and was sealed to preserve it. After it was passed to me, I intended to use it to refine a faith treasure in the future, but after taking you as a disciple, I found that this place would be of great help to you, so I gift it to you!

“This pool has existed for a very long time. I investigated it once and determined that this place is likely an ancient battlefield. This pool contains powerful killing intent and should help your slaughter essence grow stronger!

“There are several places like this that contain different essences, and I’ll take you to them one by one. Many of them are in the other two clans, but reached an agreement with the other two Grand Empyreans hundreds of years ago for you to go there to refine and absorb them.” Beside the pool, Xuan Luo smiled at Wang Lin.

He didn’t tell Wang Lin what price he had paid for the other two Grand Empyreans to agree, but the price couldn’t be small!

“Finally, I’ll take you to see my Ancient clan’s ancestor, Grand Empyrean Gu Dao! It is precisely due to his existence that the celestial clan doesn’t dare to invade!

“Grand Empyrean Gu Dao is in closed door cultivation year-round. I reported your situation to him back then, so when I take you there, he should see you.

“Perhaps it will be a great fortune for you!” Xuan Luo looked at Wang Lin kindly. He had paved a road for Wang Lin in the last several hundred years!
