Chapter 2014

“There is a total of 999 stone steps, and every 100 steps represents 10% of my power! Throughout the ages, no Grand Empyrean could ascend to the 600th step under my will.

“The person who reached the furthest was a Grand Empyrean named Dong Lin from the celestial clan. He failed to reach the 600th step, and after leaving someone behind, I allowed him to leave.

“As for you… Let me see how many steps you can reach!” An extremely indifferent voice echoed when Wang Lin’s foot landed on the 100th step.

When the voice finished, the staircase that seemed to have turned into a dragon revealed its true shape. It was a real dragon. Its body was completely black and it let out a roar after it appeared. It charged directly at Wang Lin.

A fishy smell with a stench rushed toward Wang Lin in an attempt to stop him on the 100th step. The dragon closed in instantly!

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. Although his face was pale, he didn’t flinch. He looked up and his right hand reached at the void. The Grand Empyrean sun outline behind him shrank a bit and black and white light gathered in his hand. It was a strange scene.

The palm of Wang Lin’s right hand was white and the back of his palm was black. When the dragon closed in, his palm pressed down and touched the dragon.

Thunderous rumbles suddenly echoed. The dragon trembled and let out a miserable scream. Its head collapsed, and the collapse spread rapidly. The entire dragon disintegrated into ashes and disappeared.

At the same time, the steps going up the mountain returned to normal and were no longer twisted. It was as if everything Wang Lin had seen earlier was just an illusion.

Wang Lin coughed out a mouthful of blood. The moment he destroyed the dragon, his right hand also dissipated as if it had disappeared into thin air. Afterward, black gas gathered in its place and a new arm was formed!

However, his right foot had also touched the dragon, and he felt like he had been hit by countless mountains. His right foot rose up and began to fall toward the 99th step behind him.

If it landed, it meant that he could not step onto the 100th step!

Just as this right foot was about to land, Wang Lin let out a roar and popping sounds echoed. He used his Ancient clan body to resist the force. His right foot suddenly changed directions before it landed.

However, it did not land on the 99th step, but the 100th step!

Wang Lin took a deep breath. He faintly felt that after he stepped onto the 100th step, his ancient and celestial powers showed a sign of fusing. This phenomenon shocked Wang Lin.

As he pondered, he raised his foot and stepped forward once more. He was not very fast and only crossed 10 steps each time. However, every step he took made Mount Gu Dao rumble.

After the 100th step, the pressure from the mountain and Gu Dao doubled. Wang Lin felt like the pressure was almost unbearable, and when he reached the 150th step, he could not help but stop there.

At the top of the mountain, Xuan Luo looked at Wang Lin from the top of the tower and his heart ached. He had made up his mind. Once Wang Lin failed, he would risk offending Grand Empyrean Gu Dao and take Wang Lin away!

“He was brought here by me and came to the Ancient clan because of me. I must take him away!” Xuan Luo silently pondered.

“If he can’t pass the 200th step, Xuo Luo, leave your disciple behind.” The blurry figure inside the fog behind Xuan Luo spoke these cold words.

But before Xuan Luo could speak, Wang Lin let out a roar and the Grand Empyrean sun outline behind him rapidly shrank.

As it shrank, Wang Lin suddenly looked up and stepped forward. He stepped onto the 160th step.

Without pausing, he stepped forward once more. The Grand Empyrean sun outline behind him continued to shrink as if infinite power had entered Wang Lin’s body. Wang Lin stepped onto the 170th step, 180th step, 190th step, and finally, when the Grand Empyrean sun outline had shrank to its limit and disappeared, Wang Lin made it to the 200th step!

The moment his foot landed, the figure inside the fog at the top of the tower exclaimed softly.

And Xuan Luo’s eyes lit up and he revealed a smile for the first time.

The blurry figure slowly said, “He has burned the power of the Grand Empyrean sun to obtain the power to reach the 200th step. However, what will he use for the last 100 steps.”

The moment Wang Lin’s foot landed on the 200th step, the person sitting on the northern pillar of the four pillars around the tower suddenly opened his closed eyes. There was a flash of grey light and he disappeared without a trace.

When he reappeared, he was on the staircase and walked toward Wang Lin. He waved his hand and his face revealed no expression, as if he was wearing a human mask. He pointed toward Wang Lin!

With this, the world changed. It was like a giant hole had appeared in the world. The earth trembled and the entire mountain shook.

Wang Lin’s pupils shranks. From his view, this point was comparable to something from a Grand Empyrean!!

“This grey-robed man who looks like he is wearing a mask has power comparable to a Grand Empyrean… Who is he?” Wang Lin didn’t have much time to think as the finger rushed toward his forehead.

If he was hit by this finger, not even his ancient body would be able to withstand it - he would immediately die!

During this moment of crisis, all the Grand Empyrean sun aura he had absorbed from the 150th to the 200th step erupted inside his body.

Wang Lin’s cultivation cycled, and as his essences activated, 99 afterimages appeared around him. He raised his right hand and punched at the finger!

With this punch, the Ancient Dao shadows appeared behind him. The ancient god, ancient demon, and ancient devil all threw punches! Above the Ancient Dao shadows, there was a golden shadow. This figure was blurry but gave off extremely pure celestial energy, and it also threw a punch.

At this moment, a large amount of black gas spread out from Wang Lin’s body. This black gas was filled with slaughter and madness. It fused with thunder to form slaughter thunder and formed another punch!

Thunderous rumbles echoed across Mount Gu Dao and spread in all directions.

The finger of the grey-robed person collapsed and his body trembled, but he remained standing. He looked at Wang Lin profoundly and then turned back toward the top of the mountain. He disappeared from Wang Lin’s vision, and when he reappeared, he was sitting on the northern pillar again with his eyes closed.

Wang Lin coughed out blood and the Ancient Dao shadow behind him dissipated. Even the golden shadow that gave off extremely pure celestial energy dissipated. His breathing was rough, but he stood on the 200th step firmly!

When he stood still, he clearly felt that the ancient and celestial power in his body were fusing in an unimaginable way. This fusion was forced by the pressure from Mount Gu Dao.

“Whether it is the celestial clan’s Empyrean Exalts or Ascendant Empyreans, they can’t step on my mountain. Only Grand Empyreans can. To reach the 200th step means you already have the initial powers of a Grand Empyrean. Continue, let me see if you can reach the 300th step.” An indifferent voice echoed in Wang Lin’s ears.

“Grand Empyrean Gu Dao, he is my disciple!” Xuan Luo’s roar came from the top of the mountain. A ray of light flew out from the tower next to Wang Lin. It was Xuan Luo.

“He was brought here by me and I’m taking him away! Grand Empyrean Gu Dao, I, Xuan Luo, have lived my life for the Ancient Dao, never caring about my personal gains or losses. Since ancient times, I never complained and have always wholeheartedly worked for the Ancient clan!

“But today, I implore Grand Empyrean Gu Dao to let me take my disciple away!” Xuan Luo looked up at the top of the mountain. He was filled with determination as he spoke.

After a long time, the cold voice seemed to become less cold.

“Xuan Luo, when you became a Grand Empyrean, I asked you to become my disciple and stay with me here… You wanted to protect the Ancient Dao and didn’t want to stay here all the time, so you refused...

“You have protected the Ancient Dao for all these years…. This is your first plea, so I’ll agree, but it is also your last…”

Xuan Luo revealed a complicated expression and bowed at the tower. He was about to take the weak Wang Lin away.

“Teacher… Disciple can still go on!” Wang Lin took a deep breath and straightened his body.

“You…” Xuan Luo’s eyes expressed his concern.

“Teacher, the pressure from Mount Guo Dao is the best cultivation for Disciple. Please allow Disciple to continue!” Wang Lin clasped his hands and bowed at Xuan Luo. He then turned around and walked toward the 201st step!

The moment his foot landed, the sound of his body being unable to bear the pressure became loud, but his eyes were very bright.

“The ancient power exists because of my bloodline, and my celestial cultivation exists because of my essences, but they could never integrate together… Back in the cave world, I tried to fuse them, but they rejected each other… In the end, they could only be kept separate.

“But right now, there is nothing better place than this to help me fuse the celestial and ancient powers! Grand Empyrean Gu Dao is strongest person on the Immortal Astral Continent. His pressure is the best help in fusing them!”

Wang Lin was determined to continue up the steps, because in the first 200 steps, he felt the opportunity to fuse his ancient and celestial cultivations. This was a golden opportunity for him!
