Chapter 2015

Seeing Wang Lin’s decisiveness, Xuan Luo’s eyes narrowed, but didn’t stop Wang Lin. He watched Wang Lin walk toward the 201st step.

The pressure from Mount Gu Dao formed an indescribable pressure and smashed down on Wang Lin as he stepped onto the 201st step.

The gap in power between the 200th step and the 201st step was great. If before it was a raging wave that Wang Lin had to exhaust all his power and burn his Grand Empyrean sun outline to barely cross, then now it was the entire sea smashing down on him.

After just one step, Wang Lin’s face became even more pale. His body trembled and blood continued to flow out from the corner of his mouth. His bones were being squeezed, his flesh and blood torn, his origin soul about to shatter, and his soul was going to be wiped out!

He was like a lonely boat in the sea. He was extremely fragile when facing the power of the entire sea!

However, Wang Lin didn’t back down. Even if continuing this path would be very dangerous, Wang Lin didn’t want to and was unwilling to give up this chance! This was a once-in-a-lifetime chance; this was perhaps his last chance since the last time he had failed to fuse them!

Once he gave up, not only would he fail the fusion, but it would create a shadow in Wang Lin’s heart. This was a shadow toward Gu Dao, the irresistible existence. This could create a fear that would linger for a long time and cause Wang Lin great harm.

“Grand Empyrean Gu Dao… I must walk past these 300 steps!” Wang Lin’s face became distorted and the pain inside and outside his body made him want to roar at the sky. However, he suppressed it and saved the power of this roar inside his body to take the second step.

When he took the second step, Wang Lin’s mind rumbled and his body trembled violently, but he clearly felt the celestial and ancient power inside his body being fused by force by this pressure.

However, as they fused, a shocking rejection force appeared. If not for the pressure from the mountain, Wang Lin would’ve had no way of stopping this rejection force, and the fusion would’ve failed once more.

However, now there was no need for Wang Lin to suppress it. The pressure from the Mount Gu Dao played the role of suppressing the rejection force.

He struggled as he took the third, fourth, fifth, and sixth steps!

Although he was trembling, his body contained an amazing tenacity. This tenacity supported his backbone, allowing him to look up when he faced anyone!

The seventh step, the eighth step! Wang Lin stepped onto the 208th step. The veins on his face swelled and creaking sounds echoed inside his body as if bones were rubbing against each other!

But his eyes still revealed an unyielding gaze. He felt his celestial and ancient powers rapidly fusing under this pressure. At this moment, he felt like something was different!

“The ancient power is on the outside and celestial cultivation is inside. The fusion of celestial and ancient power into one…” Wang Lin raised his foot and took the ninth step and 10th step onto the 210th step!

The moment his foot landed, Wang Lin’s essence cultivation and ancient power finally fused a sliver under the intense pressure from the outside!

This trace of fused power was a mix of celestial and ancient. It contained both celestial and ancient powers, but it was also Wang Lin’s own power!

The moment this power appeared, a scene appeared in the sky. This shocked Xuan Luo and caused the figure inside the fog at the top of the tower to open his eyes!

The sky instantly turned from blue to gold. The golden sky shined brightly and spread in all directions. In the blink of an eye, the sky within hundreds of thousands of kilometers turned golden!

This golden sky could even be seen from very far away - it was a shocking sight!

This gold was not formed by spells. In the entire Ancient clan, such a natural golden sky that was not caused by spells had never appeared before.

The appearance of this scene caused Xuan Luo to look up, and his eyes reflected the golden sky.

The Ancient clan’s earth was black, but under the golden sky, it was countless times more intense. The entire earth was covered in this endless black!

The moment someone looked at this black earth, their heart would tremble!

This was...

“Nine songs three signs. The first sign, golden sky and black earth!!” Xuan Luo took a deep breath.

The nine songs three signs were phenomena that appeared when the Celestial Ancestor and Ancient Ancestor were born. The nine songs were for the Ancient Ancestor and the three signs were for the Celestial Ancestor. Aside from their births, these phenomena had never taken place elsewhere.

But today, it was happening on Mount Gu Dao. The golden sky and black earth gave off an unspeakable sense of strangeness. The surroundings immediately became quiet.

Wang Lin faced everything as if he couldn’t see any of it. The only thought in his mind was to reach the 300th step and, during the process, fuse his celestial and ancient powers!

The moment the golden sky and black earth appeared, Wang Lin’s right foot stepped onto the 211th step. The mountain seemed to rumble and Wang Lin felt countless mountains weighing down upon him, but he didn’t hesitate to take another step!

The 11th step, 12th step, 13th step, 14th step…. Until the 19th step!

Every step caused Wang Lin’s body to tremble. He was extremely weak; even his origin soul and soul were trembling under the pressure as if he could no longer hold on.

The moment he stepped onto the 219th step, Wang Lin’s body collapsed, but it only scattered into countless black strands that quickly reformed into his body!

He was even willing to use the power of slaughter to reinforce his body. As long as his soul was not destroyed, he could carry out his forced fusion as many times as he wanted!

However, under this pressure, even if he could continue to reform his body thousands of times, he might still not make it, because his soul would die to this pressure!

But this life threatening pressure was the best tool for fusing his celestial and ancient powers. Wang Lin let out a roar and his foot landed on the 220th step!

Popping sounds echoed through the world like crazy. Wang Lin’s foot collapsed into black gas dozens of times and reformed dozens of times before he finally stabilized himself!

The moment he stood still, a sound suddenly rang out in the golden sky and black earth. This sound was not very clear, but soon, it swept across the golden sky and black earth, becoming more clear.

Listening to it carefully, this was the sound of the wind, but what was strange was that there was no wind, yet it sounded like the wind was playing a song!

However, when the sound of wind rang out, Xuan Luo’s expression changed!

The four grey-robed people sitting on the four pillars opened their eyes. When they looked at the sky, their eternal expressions changed.

As for the figure inside the fog that had opened his eyes when the golden sky and black earth appeared, he silently pondered for a bit and began to murmur.

“Heavenly Wind Song… The first of the nine songs…”

Another sliver of the fusion of celestial and ancient power appeared inside Wang Lin. It didn’t flow inside his body but settled down. As his celestial and ancient power continued to fuse, this power slowly grew.

But Wang Lin knew that although he can’t see through this power, it was an existence beyond celestial and ancient powers!

This was the power he desired from the fusion, this was the regret when he failed back then!

He heard the song of the wind. The voice echoed through the world as if it were singing and telling a story. However, Wang Lin didn’t understand it, just like how he could not understand the murmur inside the Heaven Defying Bead.

While pondering, Wang Lin felt exhausted, but he still stepped toward the distant Mount Gu Dao. He gritted his teeth and continued from the 220th step. Every two steps, his body would collapse into black strands and reform. However, his origin soul and soul were no longer able to persist.

It seemed like he was about to reach his limit.

One step, one step, one step… When Wang Lin stepped onto the 230th step, he coughed out a large mouthful of blood. The blood fell on the step. It was a shocking sight.

However, the moment the blood landed, a second sound appeared in the Heavenly Wing Song!

This was the sound of thunder. Thunderous rumbles echoed in all directions. This thunder seemed to roar, but it contained a sense of rhythm. It was like a heavenly song of thunder!

The thunder echoed and fused with the wing song. The wind and thunder mixed and it was as if millions of horse charged through the golden sky and black earth!

“When the Ancient Ancestor was born, he was accompanied by nine songs. If all nine songs appear, they can create a birthday song… Since ancient times, it is rumored that when both the nine songs and three signs appear on the Immortal Astral Continent, the successor to the Celestial Ancestor and the Ancient Ancestor will appear…” Xuan Luo looked at Wang Lin. He suddenly felt like he couldn’t see through his disciple anymore...

“In the cave, I also saw on him… Silver eyes…

“This is just a rumor that spread across the Immortal Astral Continent… Will it be him…” Xuan Luo entered a trance. He found it difficult to believe everything that had happened today.
