Chapter 2017

His voice was not loud and was not heaven-shaking. However, when it appeared, a pressure no weaker than that of Mount Gu Dao came from Wang Lin!

This pressure was enough to shock anyone who felt it!

It has to be said that Mount Gu Dao’s pressure came from Grand Empyrean Gu Dao, the number one most powerful person on the Immortal Astral Continent! However, the pressure Wang Lin gave off was comparable to that of Grand Empyrean Gu Dao!

The meaning of this was enough to terrify anyone!

As he roared, the entire mountain began to tremble. Dirt flew off the mountain as if the mountain was going to collapse. The two grey-robed people fused into one person and threw a punch at him. The head formed by the grey fog around the fist let out a harsh cry when it was 30 feet from Wang Lin.

The head was swept by a violent wind and dissipated into nothing. The punch formed by the two overlapping grey-robed men suddenly collapsed!

The moment the punch collapsed, the figure seemed to be knocked back by a powerful force and split into two people. They coughed out blood and their eternally calm expressions revealed looks of disbelief.

After they coughed out blood, they still could not stop and continued to fly back. They were pushed back more than 10,000 feet by Wang Lin’s roar.

Mount Gu Dao rumbled, and from the tower at the peak, a large, black hand came out. It swept down like the wind and became thousands of feet large. It was like a black, five-finger mountain smashing down on Wang Lin.

This five-finger mountain collided with Wang Lin’s celestial and ancient fusion power.

A thunderous roar echoed and the black five-finger mountain trembled violently before it was knocked back. It dissipated into the sky. At the same time, Wang Lin’s body trembled and his fused power split back into celestial and ancient. The wisp of fused power began to move toward a second cycle, but it was very slow and looked like it would need decades to complete another full cycle.

Xuan Luo saw this and gasped.

Inside the tower, the figure pondered for a moment and then a cold voice came out.

“Come up, I’ll awaken the soul blood for you…”

Wang Lin’s face was pale as he stood on the 300th step. He didn’t speak but raised his foot to take one more step. When his foot fell on the 301st step, the soul blood inside his body suddenly melted and fused with his body completely.

He no longer need Grand Empyrean Gu Dao’s help to make the soul blood fuse with his body. The bloodline inheritance gradually revealed itself.

Standing there, Wang Lin silently pondered and clasped his hands toward the top of Mount Gu Dao.

“Thanks, Grand Empyrean Gu Dao, for helping me.” Wang Lin was not reckless person. The gap between him and Gu Dao was very large. Even if Gu Dao meant for him to leave after 300 steps, he still buried his indifference toward Gu Dao and said goodbye.

Moreover, he was able to fuse his ancient and celestial power because of the pressure from Gu Dao. Perhaps it was an accident, or perhaps this was Gu Dao’s silent acknowledgement.

However, no matter what, Wang Lin understood that Grand Empyrean Gu Dao was the strongest person on the Immortal Astral Continent, so he needed to show respect.

After a long time, Grand Empyrean’s cold voice came out of the tower. “You can rest assured, I have said that if you can pass the 300th step, you can leave… Now that you’ve passed, you can leave!”

It was as if Grand Empyrean Gu Dao was pondering before he said those words.

Wang Lin no longer spoke but walked down the mountain. When he arrived next to Xuan Luo, he saw the hidden ripples around Xuan Luo. It was obvious if that if Gu Dao had gone back on his words, Xuan Luo would have acted.

“Teacher…” Wang Lin’s said softly. Xuan Luo’s action caused warmth to appear on the cracks he had with the Ancient clan.

“Let’s go.” Xuan Luo looked at Wang Lin profoundly and buried the shock from the eight songs and two signs. He waved his sleeve and flew into the distance with Wang Lin.

It wasn’t until he disappeared from the end of the horizon that the two injured grey-robed men return to the pillar. They looked at the distance with complicated expressions and then closed their eyes to cultivate.

After a long time, a sigh came from the tower.

The figure inside the fog stood up and walked next to the window. He looked into the sky, and his gaze seemed to fall in the direction of Xuan Luo and Wang Lin.

Xuan Luo brought Wang Lin back to the Ancient Dao imperial city after a few days. They returned to the mountain behind the Ancient Dao Temple and settled down.

Xuan Luo didn’t ask about what had happened back at Mount Gu Dao, and Wang Lin didn’t explain, as if nothing had happened. A month passed, and it was as if everything had disappeared like smoke.

During this month, Wang Lin had entered closed door cultivation inside the wooden house. Before the trip to Mount Gu Dao, he had gone to a lot of places and absorbed a lot of essences. The power of his essences had increased a lot and his cultivation had improved even more.

The essences and ancient power seemed to return to their normal positions during this month. The essences returned to their essence true body forms and the ancient power reverted back to the 27 stars.

They seemed ordinary, but only Wang Lin knew that with one thought, he could make them fuse again and gain a short eruption of power.

This power and pressure was comparable to Mount Gu Dao!

As his essences and ancient power increased, the duration of the fusion would become longer and longer! Until one day, when he could fully integrate them and they would not just be a short fusion - he would have power equal to Grand Empyrean Gu Dao.

Right now, the wisp of the fusion power was slowly cycling through his body. It looked like it would take a long time for it to complete a cycle.

On this day, Wang Lin opened his eyes from cultivation and his eyes lit up. He waved his right hand and a cylinder appeared in his grasp. After pondering for a moment, he opened the cylinder and there were some liquid that contained pure wood essence inside.

He took out one drop and fused it into his body. The drop suddenly disappeared, and at the same time, the power of Wang Lin’s wood essence increased greatly.

After three days, when Wang Lin fused with another drop, his wood essence was rapidly approaching an essence true body.

After less than half a month, when all the liquid in the cylinder was absorbed, Wang Lin was still sitting there. An overlapping image appeared and his five-element true body walked out and stood before him.

The five-element true body remained the same and stood before Wang Lin, emitting five colors. The colors that represented wood and metal were dimmer than the other three. However, the color that represented wood gradually became brighter until a few days later, when it reached the same degree as water, fire, and dearth!

The five-element true body trembled and four figures and a ball of light appeared. Among the four figures, aside from water, fire, and earth, was Wang Lin’s wood essence true body!

At the center of the four essence true bodies was a ball of golden light. This was the metal essence, and it hadn’t formed an essence true body yet.

Wang Lin opened his eyes and looked at the ball of golden light, revealing a troubled expression. A moment later, he revealed a decisive gaze and waved his hand. A golden fragment appeared.

This fragment was the sword fragment Wang Lin was given by Jiu Di on the long street. He had refined it but had not fully integrated it yet. He was going to use the metal essence he had absorbed while he was with Xuan Luo, along with this fragment, to complete his five-element true body!

Once his metal essence formed an essence true body, then the power of his five-element true body would increase greatly. It would also help determine if his deduction about his future cultivation path was correct.

“The five-element true body will be complete. If my cultivation level increases, then my speculation is correct!” Wang Lin no longer hesitated and spat out a mouthful of golden gas. It surrounded the golden sword fragment.

Time passed. In a flash, another month went by...

It had been two and a half months since Wang Lin and Xuan Luo returned. Wang Lin had stayed inside the wooden house and hadn’t stepped out. Xuan Luo had come twice and stood outside the wooden house, observing. He knew Wang Lin was condensing his essences and was in no danger, so he left.

On this morning, when the first ray of sunlight fell from the sky onto the earth and dispelled the darkness, causing warmth to fill this garden, a jade flew over from the direction of the Ancient Dao Temple. It circled around the wooden house a few times before it fell down on the grass outside the house.

However, a moment later, the jade trembled and flew into the house. It was caught by Wang Lin, who was sitting inside the wooden house.

His divine sense swept past the jade. It was a message jade. There wasn’t much inside, it was just an invitation.

“The Ancient Dao Emperor will hold the ceremony to title his empress in 10 days…” Wang Lin’s expression remained the same. This jade came from the Ancient Dao Emperor to invite Wang Lin to the ceremony.

“Since this jade could be sent here, then it must have obtained the recognition of Teacher. Then this ceremony must be very important to the Ancient Dao.” Wang Lin pondered.

“This Ancient Dao Emperor has been choosing a concubine for hundreds of years, and now he finally chose one and is going to title her as his empress… Should I go or not…” Wang Lin had reached the critical moment of fusing with his metal essence, so he didn’t want to go to this so-called empress title ceremony.
