Chapter 2018

Wang Lin put down the invitation jade and no longer considered this matter. After all, compared to the Ancient Dao Emperor’s empress title ceremony, his cultivation was more important.

“The metal essence true body will be able to form in these next few days. When the five-element true body is complete, I will be able to verify if my speculation is correct.” Wang Lin revealed a hint of worry. If he remained at the late stage of Void Tribulant after his five-element true body was complete, then his deduction would be wrong.

Once he failed, Wang Lin would have to give up forming essence true bodies for the other essences and focus on comprehending the fourth ethereal essence after life and death, karma, and true and false.

However, ethereal essences were a complete blur and completely relied on opportunity and insight. Perhaps he could obtain it in a few years, or not find any clue in thousands of years.

This made Wang Lin look at the metal essence with a hint of worry and anticipation.

After a long time, Wang Lin let out a sigh and withdrew his gaze from the metal essence. He had done all he could. Whether his cultivation would increase or not, he would have his answer in a few days.

Wang Lin’s eyes opened slightly. After pondering a bit, he waved his sleeve. Light shined in the wooden house and a restriction slowly turned. It made no sound, and from outside, no light spread out.

Wang Lin stepped into the formation and disappeared.

In the earth below the formation, a large cave was opened about 100,000 feet below the wooden house. This cave had appeared not long ago. Wang Lin had created it on the fifth day of his closed door cultivation.

This cave was thousands of feet large and was filled by a black and white sun. At the center floated a giant black and white sun!

Although it was only an outline, it was indeed Wang Lin’s Grand Empyrean sun!

Under the Grand Empyrean sun, there was a 1,000-foot-tall head. It had no eyes or ears and there was a deep crack on its scalp. This was the Celestial Ancestor’s head!

Wang Lin had placed countless restrictions around this cave. With his current cultivation level, these restrictions were extremely powerful. Forget Empyrean Exalts, not even Ascendant Empyreans could sense them.

Even Grand Empyreans would find it difficult to detect them unless they looked carefully. This was because these restrictions contained Wang Lin’s fusion of celestial and ancient power! He had extracted a bit and combined it with the restrictions to give them this powerful effect.

Wang Lin’s figure appeared next to the Celestial Ancestor’s head. He had created this space to nourish his Grand Empyrean sun. Based on his analysis, once his Grand Empyrean Sun completely fused with the Celestial Ancestor’s head, the Grand Empyrean sun would become solid.

He sat down before the Celestial Ancestor’s head and spat out a wisp of green gas. The green gas entered the head and the Celestial Ancestor’s head trembled. It released large amounts of golden light that was immediately absorbed by the sun above. It turned into black and white light that nourished this sun.

During this three-month time period, his Grand Empyrean sun had been absorbing the Celestial Ancestor’s head, but how could it be refined so easily? It would be difficult to fully absorb it in a short period of time.

After pondering for a bit, Wang Lin opened his eyes and raised his right hand. His hand reached at the void and a dark golden light spread out from his palm. There was a weak soul with its eyes closed in Wang Lin’s hand. Although Wang Lin looked calm, but his pupils shrank and he became serious.

This weak soul was the Celestial Emperor, Lian Daozhen!!

The Celestial Emperor, who had been captured by Wang Lin, was in a sorry state. He trembled in Wang Lin’s hand as if he wanted to open his eyes, but he had no strength left. However, his body gave off a powerful celestial energy that would make anyone recognize that this was the pressure of a Grand Empyrean!

Although this pressure belonged to a Grand Empyrean, the celestial energy was not pure - it was extremely chaotic and exuded a sense of defeat. It seemed like the soul was suffering great pain right now.

“What a powerful ancestral curse…” Wang Lin muttered to himself. Wang Lin continued to place seals on the Celestial Emperor’s soul. With his cultivation level and power, along with the Celestial Emperor’s own power, they still could not expel the ancestral curse. However, he was able to reach a balance so the soul would not dissipate.

“I originally intended to use the pressure from this soul to help fuse my celestial and ancient powers by force, but now it looks like there is no need. However, this is the soul of the Celestial Emperor; it’s still very useful to me.” Wang Lin pondered as he looked at his own Grand Empyrean sun.

“Unfortunately, the ancestral curse is too strong… If I could expel the curse, I could fuse his soul into my Grand Empyrean sun and use it as a guide to devour the Celestial Ancestor’s head by force…” Wang Lin left hand touched his chin and he pondered. Then his eyes lit up and his left hand formed a seal. When he was done, he pointed at the soul in his right hand.

The Celestial Emperor’s soul suddenly trembled when Wang Lin pointed at him. He opened his mouth and let out a silent howl. The restrictions around the cave began to flash.

Wang Lin’s expression was very serious as his left hand pointed at the Celestial Emperor’s soul. After a long time, a trace of grey gas gathered and was slowly pulled out by Wang Lin.

When his left hand had completely risen, the grey gas around his finger suddenly turned into an evil ghost-like shadow. It opened its mouth and charged at Wang Lin’s finger.

However, just as it going to devour Wang Lin’s finger, Wang Lin’s eyes narrowed and his pupils became silver. The silver light fell on this ghost and it suddenly trembled as if it were afraid. It then quickly shrank to half its original size. Wang Lin grabbed it and mercilessly squeezed.

The grey gas dissipated.

Wang Lin’s forehead was covered in sweat and the silver light in his eyes dissipated. He revealed a bitter smile.

“The fusion of the celestial and ancient powers can remove the ancestral curse… However, with my current cultivation level, I can’t last for long and can’t expel the ancestral curse all at once…” Wang Lin looked at the Celestial Emperor’s soul. The sliver of ancestral curse he had removed had recovered.

With a sigh, Wang Lin waved his right hand and put the Celestial Emperor’s soul away. He sat there, pondering, for a long time and let out a sigh in the end.

“It looks like I need to wait for my cultivation level to rise so I can maintain the fused power for longer to dispel the ancestral curse and fuse it with my Grand Empyrean sun.

“This ancestral curse is strange and the Celestial Emperor’s identity is special, so it's not convenient to ask Teacher Xuan Luo to help.” Wang Lin had his own secrets, and unless it was absolutely necessary, he had the habit of not letting anyone know.

Wang Lin put the Celestial Emperor’s soul away and waved his right hand to take out a jade. This jade was gifted to him by Prince Ji Du and contained the power of one finger from the Ancient Ancestor.

When Wang Lin had obtained this jade, he could not study it, as there seemed to be a barrier that blocked him, preventing him from seeing inside. He could only use it as a one-time spell.

However, now he had melted the soul blood inside his body and had gained some fragmented memories. He could feel these memories but not look through them - it was obvious he didn’t have enough soul blood.

Holding the jade, Wang Lin looked at it. There was a blurry figure inside, and the figure was moving inside an equally blurry world. As the figure trembled, the world shattered and disappeared.

It was a very simple illusion, but because it was blurry, it was very difficult to comprehend.

Wang Lin had looked at it several times before, and it was always like this. This time was the same, but he was not discouraged. He closed his eyes, and after a long time, when he reopened them, silver light appeared in his eyes once more!

The silver light occupied his entire eyes, and his gaze was very cold. Wang Lin looked at the jade once more, and under his gaze, the blurry figure appeared once more.

However, because Wang Lin’s mind contained those memories, some of the memories linked together and appeared in his mind when he saw the blurry figure.

This was a man wearing a grey robe, and he had long hair. He looked exactly the same as the statue in the Ancient Dao imperial city. It was the Ancient Ancestor!

His left hand was behind him and he was floating in the sky. He was looking at the sky with contempt and disdain in his eyes, seeming aloof. As he looked at the sky, there were groups of black dots closing in. These black dots were groups of fierce beasts.

These beasts had the heads of humans but the bodies of lions. They only had two front limbs - the hind limbs and tail seemed to have morphed into fish tails.

As they flew over, they let out sharp roars. The powerful one in front gave off a powerful aura that was close to that of a Grand Empyrean.

However, the grey-robed man still looked at them with contempt. He raised his right hand and pointed forward.

When he did this, the world trembled. Everything within 100,000 kilometers of these beasts seemed to separate from the world. Then the top and bottom of this separated world squeezed together!

Thunderous rumble echoed. When the separated world squeezed, all the beasts shattered.

With a bang, a crack appeared in the jade in Wang Lin’s hand and the jade split in half. The two halves fell to the ground and turned to dust.

Wang Lin became sober and the silver in his eyes dissipated, but his eyes were bright.

“What a powerful point from the Ancient Ancestor…”
