Chapter 2019

“This finger is not a spell, but communicates with the world or manipulates the world. It also didn’t attack the beasts, but the world the beasts exist in.

“It tore open the world and used the pressure of the finger to cause the world to squeeze and collapse. The beasts were mere collateral damage.”

However, Wang Lin’s finger was very slow, as if there were layers of invisible barriers before him, preventing him from pointing forward like the Ancient Ancestor.

A moment later, Wang Lin withdrew his finger and no longer tried again. He lowered his head and pondered.

“From this spell, I can see that the strength of the Ancient Ancestor has reached a different realm… But with the memory fragment and the Rapid Spell Art, I can copy it.”

Wang Lin raised his head and looked at the fragments of the jade as he closed his eyes.

There were many chaotic origin souls inside his body that he had taken from the slaughter in the celestial ancestral city. He had been slowly refining them, and now he had enough to create another spell vein.

“I have five Spell Veins in my body, so with one movement, I can create 99 afterimages. I wonder what will happen when I create the sixth one.” Wang Lin quickly activated the Rapid Spell Art to condense the sixth Spell Vein. Soon, seven days passed.

There were only three days left until the grand ceremony, where the Emperor would title his empress.

The entire Ancient Dao imperial city was festive and was beautifully decorated. In particular, at night, the colorful lights could be seen from far away.

Even the sky of the Ancient Dao imperial city was dyed in colorful lights. It gave people a wondrous feeling and revealed the joyous atmosphere.

The Ancient Dao Emperor put great importance on this grand ceremony, and even the entire imperial family put great importance on this matter. After all, the Ancient Dao Emperor was going to title his empress. All the powerful members of the Ancient Dao had gathered, and people from other countries had come as well. They were going to personally see this grand ceremony!

The messengers from the Ancient Ji and Ancient Shi had arrived to participate in this celebration.

The Ancient Shi had prepared a lot of gifts, and their leader was Prince Ji Du. Back then, he had personally accompanied the Ancient Dao ambassadors to choose Song Zhi, so it was no surprise that he had come.

Also, the empress was named Song and was a distant descendant of the Ancient Shi Grand Empyrean, so he had also sent a messenger to bring a gift.

Many people had come to the Ancient Dao imperial city, making it very lively. The security of the imperial city increased to ensure that nothing would happen during the grand ceremony.

The Ancient Dao imperial city, especially the palace, was strictly guarded. Almost all the powerful people of the Ancient Dao had arrived.

The various kings that were scattered and had royal bloodlines were here. This made the Ancient Dao imperial city very lively for this grand ceremony.

This was a grand matter in the Ancient clan. One of the three ancient emperors were going to title an empress. This was a great matter in the Ancient Clan, where the imperial power was supreme. Almost everyone knew of this, and even Mount Gu Dao had send a gift. The Ancient Dao Emperor had attracted the attention of everyone during this period of time.

In these last few days, due to the fact that there were too many people, the Ancient Dao had taken out their powerful treasures to create 99 huge platforms and spread them out around the flying city.

Powerful people quickly created various forms of housing on these platforms, and this was the only way to accommodate all the people that were coming.

Wang Lin was immersed in his cultivation and ignored all of this. On the night three days before the grand ceremony, the entire Ancient Dao imperial city was bright. It was lively with the sound of people, and even the 99 platforms were the same.

Because so many people from all three clans had arrived, many auctions had appeared. While waiting for the ceremony, the people of all three clans began to trade with each other.

A joyous atmosphere filled the Ancient Dao palace. At the highest pavilion, the Ancient Dao Emperor had his hands behind his back as he looked at the colorful city, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

The Ancient Dao Emperor slowly said, “In the future, I’m going to make it like this in the Ancient Dao imperial city every day and become the center of the entire Ancient Clan!”

“Your Majesty is a great man. There will certainly be a day when you will achieve it! We are willing to follow Your Majesty to see that day arrive!” In the pavilion, there were seven people kneeling on the ground, and they were filled with excitement.

“How are the preparations?” The Ancient Dao Emperor smiled.

“The ambassadors of the Ancient Shi and Ancient Ji have arrived, and their lodgings have been arranged. The messengers of the two Grand Empyreans have also arrived. The lord messenger who brought the gift from Mount Gu Dao has been given a place to stay in the imperial city,” one of them quickly said.

The second person quickly said, “I have arranged for the people of our clan and the powerful people of the other two clans to be scattered across the surrounding 99 platforms. Although there are a lot of people, it was enough to accommodate them.”

“I have been personally overseeing the layout of the grand ceremony to ensure its success. Please rest assured, Your Majesty.”

“In terms of protection, the first to seventh armies will guard the ceremony to make sure nothing happens!”

“The imperial teacher has sent word that he will personally come for the grand ceremony.”

“Empress Song is the same as usual and still hasn’t come out. She seems to be trying to remember something, but that always ends in pain and she does not remember anything.”

“Grand Empyrean hasn’t sent any word. I don’t know if he will come to the grand ceremony.”

The seven of them spoke one by one and then lowered their heads. They awaited the orders of this supreme existence in the Ancient Dao.

“According to the rules, the grand ceremony will last for 99 days. Aside from offering to the Ancient Ancestor on the first day, I won’t participate for the rest. If anything happens, you all will be responsible!” The man in royal robe gave his commands and the seven immediately accepted.

“The grand ceremony will begin in three days. Every generation of Ancient Dao emperor has held a banquet at the night before to allow the people of the Ancient Dao and messengers from the other two nations to see the empress...

“How well have you all arranged this matter?”

One of the seven respectfully said, “It’s all been arranged.”

“Good!” The man in the royal robe revealed a smile that contained a hint of anticipation. He waved his sleeve and disappeared from the pavilion.

“Marrying her and giving her this status are the best rewards for her. Imperial Teacher, I’m anticipating the result of your divination…”

At this moment, also in the palace, in a quiet room, there was a woman wearing a phoenix robe. This woman was not an absolute beauty but had an unspeakable temperament. She looked at the mirror before her, and her eyes were filled with confusion.

“I can’t remember anything… Everything in the dream is a blurry after waking up… I can’t remember what the woman looks like and I can’t remember the man’s appearance. I can only remember his words…” The woman closed her eyes and those two lines echoed in her mind.

“Let’s go, I’ll take you to kill!”

“Even if heaven wants you to die I’ll take you back!”

Tears flowed out of her closed eyes and down the sides of her face. The two lines of tears dripped down her cheeks and onto her clothes, making her clothes wet.

“Why would I shed tears… Who is he… Who am I… Am I Song Zhi… Am I song Zhi…” The woman opened her eyes, and there was even more confusion now.

Wang Lin didn’t know about any of this, and he could not sense it. Although his cultivation had pierced the heavens, he still could not see her tears or feel her aura.

Even if he saw her personally, he might not see who this woman was… This was because there was a fog covering everything about the soul fragment, and after his woman and Song Zhi fused, this fog became even more intense.

He didn’t know that Wan Er’s soul fragment that he had been looking for was so close to him… So close...

The woman also didn’t know that the person she was confused about was breathing the same spiritual energy as her.

In the morning before the grand ceremony, Wang Lin opened his eyes in the underground cave. There was a flash of doubt in his eyes even though a sixth Spell Vein had appeared in his body.

The source of his doubt was a sliver of unease that had appeared in his heart for some unknown reason. This sense of unease caused him to feel doubt.

After silently pondering a bit, Wang Lin got up, walked out of the cave, and appeared in the wooden house. A human figure had appeared in the metal essence and a body had begun to take shape.

“Longer than I expected…” Wang Lin sat down and looked at the metal essence, suppressing the excitement in his heart. When the sun set, Wang Lin looked up and opened his mouth to swallow his five element essences back into his body. He then got up and pushed open the door.

In the sunset, Xuan Luo was standing outside, smiling at Wang Lin.

“You have been in closed door cultivation for three months. You don’t have to participate in the grand ceremony tomorrow, but go to the banquet tonight in my place.

“I know you don’t like lively places. Just go sit for a while then come back.”

Wang Lin hesitated a bit. He really didn’t want to go to this banquet, but since his teacher had asked him, Wang Lin nodded.

“Gift this to Ye Dao. Consider it my wedding gift to him.” Xuan Luo smiled and handed a gift box to Wang Lin.

After Wang Lin accepted it, he didn’t look at it and clasped his hands at Xuan Luo. He flew into the air and flew toward the direction of the Ancient Dao imperial palace.

“After handing him this gift, I’ll leave and continue cultivating. My metal essence is about to form its true body, and nothing is more important right now.” Wang Lin made up his mind, but at this moment, he felt that sense of unease again.

Wang Lin frowned and looked at the imperial palace in the distance.
