Chapter 2021

Wang Lin was used to being gazes focused on him at these kinds of events. His expression remained the same as his white clothes fluttered and he calmly walked forward.

“This person… Who is he?”

“He came alone and dared to come at the 9th drum beat. Could it be that he has some special identity?”

“This person is very unfamiliar…”

Soft discussions began among the crowds as Wang Lin walked past the thousands of people, 108 Jins, 72 Saints, 36 Zhangs…

As he walked forward, more and more gaze gathered on him, and the buzz became louder and louder.

“Where is he going to sit?!”

“He dares to head to the front. Two of the four seats in the front are prepared for the Grand Empyrean and the imperial teacher. The last two seats are reserved for the two ancestors of the Ancient Dao that are still alive!!”

Among the last four remaining seats, one was in front with three behind it. As Wang Lin walked toward the 18 Kings, seven of them actually stood up and clasped their hands at Wang Lin.

With this, the 100,000 people went into an uproar and the discussions became even more intense than when the 18 Kings and nine Immortal Generals entered.

Wang Lin paused for a moment and smiled at the seven people that had bowed toward him. Then he walked toward the nine Immortal Generals enveloped in black auras.

Out of the nine, eight remained silent, but the person who was equal to an Ascendant Empyrean who passed the 14th palace let out a cold snort and his eyes lit up. He suddenly stood up as if he wanted to prevent Wang Lin from flying over him.

But just as he was about to stand up, Wang Lin’s cold gaze looked over and there was a flash of red killing intent in his eyes. A shocking pressure spread out from Wang Lin’s body and then suddenly dissipated.

Although it was only for an instant, it caused the person who was going to stand up to tremble. He was in shock and could not stand up. His eyes became filled with fear and he sat back down.

At this moment, his mind was rumbling and cold sweat had covered his body. Wang Lin’s gaze had caused him to feel as if he was trapped in slaughter and was killed by Wang Lin hundreds of thousands of times. It was as if he had entered an illusion where he was constantly killed.

He had never experienced this kind of feeling before. That gaze seemed to have rushed into his body, crushed his internal organs, scraped his bones and flesh, and then devoured his soul. His heartbeat rapidly accelerated as if it was going to collapse.

The moment he sat back down again, Wang Lin landed on the ground and arrived before the forward-most table in this fan-shaped seating arrangement. He looked at the hundreds of flying platforms and the hundreds of thousands of people at the square before he waved his sleeve and calmly sat down.

The moment he sat down, a huge uproar was set off across the square.

“Who is he? He sat in the position of the Ancient Dao’s Grand Empyrean. This… This…”

“The pressure that person released was extremely powerful and actually made me feel like my heart stopped. His ancient power is unfathomable and he is definitely not a normal person!”

“I heard that the Ancient Dao’s Grand Empyrean announced that he has accepted a disciple. Could he be Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo’s disciple!? But he is so young…”

“It indeed is him!”

“White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean!! I didn’t expect this person to really be Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo’s disciple!!”

“What? He is the White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean? Isn’t the White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean a member of the celestial clan? It is said that he is number one below Grand Empyreans!! There is even rumor he is the 10th sun of the Immortal Astral Continent!!”

Those that recognized Wang Lin were of the royal family, like Prince Ji Du. The members of the Ancient Dao were more in the know because they knew about Wang Lin; however, the members of the other clans had extremely complicated expressions as they looked at Wang Lin. There were hidden hints of fear in their eyes.

In truth, they weren’t completely unaware of Wang Lin. Xuan Luo had brought Wang Lin to the Ancient Ji and Ancient Shi. Aside from coming to send their congratulatory gifts, they had also come to observe the power of the Ancient Dao.

Among the gazes that looked at Wang Lin, one of them was filled with excitement. This gaze came from one of the floating platforms where Prince Ji Du was.

Prince Ji Du had watched Wang Lin appear until he caught the attention of everyone here. He looked at how calm Wang Lin was and let out a deep breath.

“Godfather’s name is known by the Ancient clan! Godfather’s name is enough to shock everyone. If Godfather can help me…” Prince Ji Du clenched his fist.

Wang Lin ignored all the gazes that were gathered on him. He sat there and closed his eyes, but at this moment, his heart was very unsettled. It was as if an inner demon had taken over, and he felt himself losing control.

This feeling appeared after Wang Lin started making his way to the palace and came from the unease he had felt before. It suddenly erupted when he sat down, which shocked him.

Although it could be suppressed, it affected Wang Lin’s mood. Otherwise, when the Immortal General stood up, Wang Lin wouldn’t have revealed a hint of his cultivation there.

That level of character was not qualified to make him do that. At that moment, Wang Lin even had the crazed thought of killing that person and killing everyone here.

“What is the reason? Why would I become like this upon arriving at the Ancient Dao palace…” Wang Lin closed his eyes and cycled his cultivation. His mind slowly calmed down, but he became even more gloomy.

“Something is not right. Could it be that the palace activated some restrictions to affect me like this? However, looking around, no restrictions seem to be activated…” Wang Lin opened his eyes and silently sat there.

“And this crazed feeling transformed from the unease. I vaguely felt it a few days ago, and now it’s even more intense.

“It feels as if something of great importance to me is going to happen… It seems like it will be a big event in my life… Even when I faced countless life and death situations, I never felt like this…” Wang Lin couldn’t help but frown.

“I can’t stay at the Ancient Dao palace for long…” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he made up his mind. At this moment, the ninth drum beat gradually faded away.

When the drum beat disappeared, everyone in the square and on the flying platforms suddenly quiet down. Everyone subconsciously stopped talking and their gazes gathered on the main hall!

“The Emperor arrives!!” A sharp and shrill voice came from the hall. It carried a powerful penetrating force. Then the closed door opened.

As the door was pushed open, all the gazes gathered on the hall, at the man sitting on a dragon throne.

This man was wearing a royal robe and an emperor crown. He gave off a powerful pressure without revealing any anger. It was the Ancient Dao Emperor!!

“We all greet the Emperor!!” On the square and platforms, everyone, including the 18 kings, all bowed at the Ancient Dao Emperor!

Non-Ancient Dao members didn’t have to kneel, but all Ancient Dao members had to get down on one knee. Wang Lin stood up, and after silently pondering for a bit, he bowed but didn’t kneel!

Although his expression looked normal, that crazed feeling of slaughter washed over his mind like a raging wave. He almost could not suppress it.

This feeling became extremely violent the moment the Ancient Dao Emperor appeared!!

“Everyone, this is a joyous matter for me. Let us celebrate with this banquet, and all of you drink with me!” The Ancient Dao Emperor smiled, but when his gaze swept past Wang Lin, his heart was unhappy and gloomy. However, his expression remained the same and he even smiled at Wang Lin as if he was concerned.

“I’m very happy that all these friends could come to my Ancient Dao. Today, I won’t say much. Let me raise a cup to all the friends that came!” The Ancient Dao Emperor raised his right hand and a shadow appeared to hand him a cup of wine.

At the same time, everyone on the square and platforms picked up the wine on their tables. They all respectfully held up their cups of wine.

Wang Lin silently let out a sigh and picked up the wine cup. He intended to hand over his teacher’s gift after this cup and then leave. The irritation in his heart had caused his face to turn slightly pale.

The Ancient Dao Emperor smiled and took a sip. Everyone else drank afterward as a congratulations. Wang Lin didn’t drink but put his cup down with everyone else and was about to speak.

“Aside from this joyous event, I also want to announce another matter. Some of you may have heard that Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo’s disciple, the celestial clan’s White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean, will be the guardian of my Ancient Dao!

“Wang Lin, come up and listen to the edict!” The Ancient Dao emperor smiled.

Wang Lin silently walked forward a few steps and clasped his hands once more.

“Still not kneeling?” The Ancient Dao Emperor’s expression was heavy. He didn’t speak but calmly looked at Wang Lin.

After a long time, everyone noticed that abnormality, and their gazes gathered on Wang Lin.

Among the many gazes, one came from the Prince Ji Du. He suppressed the excitement in his heart. He was waiting for the day that Wang Lin would be pushed out of the Ancient Dao!

“Emperor, I came to send a congratulatory gift on behave of Teacher. I still have important matters to deal with, so I’ll take my leave.” Wang Lin no longer had any patience as he was extremely irritated right now, and he coldly looked at the Emperor. He didn’t know why, but when he saw this person again, he felt an unspeakable sense of killing intent and disgust!

He waved his sleeve and took out the box Xuan Luo had given him. He threw it forward and it was caught by a shadow that had appeared before the Ancient Dao Emperor. The shadow respectfully handed it to the Ancient Dao Emperor.

“Wang Lin, I declare you as my Ancient Dao’s guardian! Since you have some important matters to attend to, then you can leave. I hope you can come to the grand ceremony tomorrow.” The Ancient Dao Emperor looked at Wang Lin profoundly and smiled. He seemed to not care about what had happened and no longer looked at Wang Lin.

Then the Ancient Dao Emperor said, “Invite the Empress!”

The irritation in Wang Lin’s heart became even stronger and he turned to leave. But then the sounds of bells echoed in his ears and fused with the feeling in his heart. This made the irritation in his heart suddenly disappear without a trace.

Wang Lin was startled and looked back. He saw a woman wearing a phoenix robe walk out of the hall and make her way toward the Ancient Dao Emperor.
