Chapter 2023

The woman in the phoenix dress let out a sigh. She really didn’t like this lively scene. In particular, Wang Lin’s gaze made her feel a stab of pain in her heart, and not even she knew why this was happening.

However, every time she tried to think about it, she just felt more confused.

She gently got up and a shadow immediately appeared behind her and handed her a cup of wine. It floated behind her as she walked out of the palace, went into the crowded square, and made her way toward Wang Lin.

Wang Lin was sitting there with his head lowered. In this short period of time, he had drunk seven or eight jugs of wine. He looked up at the woman standing before him and his eye seemed to become blurry again.

“You…” The woman looked at Wang Lin and was about to speak.

“Do you know how to play the zither…” Wang Lin asked bitterly. After he spoke, he shook his head and laughed at himself. He picked up the wine jug and touched the wine cup in the woman’s hand. He drank the entire jug and then turned into a ray of light, flying into the distance.

Drops of wine scattered and one drop landed on the woman’s face. It was very cold.

“Wan Er… Where is your soul!?” Wang Lin disappeared into the sky, but the woman vaguely heard his voice.

This voice was filled with sadness. She was not the only one who had heard it. Some of the people in the square and on the platforms had heard it too. The Ancient Dao Emperor also heard this, and the smile on the corner of his mouth became wider. He picked up the wine cup and took a sip.

He didn’t see, Wang Lin didn’t see, and no one here saw that when the woman in the phoenix dress heard the words “Wan Er,” she revealed a struggling expression and confusion. However, it soon disappeared and her expression became hollow.

She walked back to the palace with a hollow expression. Behind her, the lively bustling of the party began once more.

“Wan Er… I’m willing to turn the entire sky upside down just to find your reflection…

“Wan Er, I would light the entire sky on fire just to give you a reason to no longer close your eyes.

“Wan Er, I would strike the entire world with thunder just so you could hear my voice.

“Wan Er, I have walked millions of kilometers and through countless worlds just to find your breath.

“Wan Er, I became a devil to kill dao and have defied the heavens to subvert the heaven and earth. I stood before you with my bleak and lonely back just so you could open those eyes of yours that calm me down.

“Wan Er, were is your soul!?!”

Tears flowed down Wang Lin’s eyes as he walked through the brightly lit Ancient Dao imperial city. As he silently walked forward, his back revealed bleakness and loneliness.

His sorrow had always been buried deep inside his heart and was always covered by indifference. It would not easily appear, but when he saw that familiar temperament, Wang Lin could no longer cover it up and deceive himself. His tears flowed.

As he silently walked away, his tears dropped on the roofs of the houses he passed by. The lively sounds from the palace could still be heard, but Wang Lin didn’t want to listen. He wanted to find a place where he could quietly be by himself and recount his memories.

He returned to the Ancient Dao Temple and returned to his own house. He sat down inside the house and had no heart to cultivate or look at the Grand Empyrean Sun in the cave world. He looked out at the colorful world for a long long time.

“I have heaven-piercing cultivation… But so what…

“I have the will to defy the heavens… But what of it…

“Even though I’m the guardian of the Ancient Dao, I can’t find Wan Er’s soul…” Wang Lin’s face was filled with pain. He was unwilling to think about this problem. He had used his cultivation as an excuse to numb and deceive himself of all this. He had told himself that this was the only hope in finding Wan Er’s soul.

However, he had cheated himself for thousands of years, but now, when he saw Song Zhi, who looked like Wan Er, he was unable to control his feelings.

Time slowly passed. Wang Lin locked himself inside the house and bore the heart-wrenching pain. He recalled the memories of the past. He could only rely on his memories to no longer feel lonely...

Like the ancestor of the Dong Lin Sect, who stayed in the dead sect and was only accompanied by his memories.

“In this world… There is someone else with such a temperament… But she is not Wan Er, she is song Zhi… I once met her back in Blackstone City…” After a long time, Wang Lin forced down the pain and memories in his heart. He didn’t want to make himself vulnerable, it would not help him find Wan Er’s soul.

With a deep sigh, Wang Lin closed his eyes. When he opened his eyes again, there was calmness. However, hidden deep within the calmness, there was still sorrow.

“Song Zhi…” As Wang Lin muttered, he raised his right hand and an overlapping shadow walked out from him. His five-element true body walked out, and in the middle was a mass of golden light. A shadow was inside this light - it was the metal essence true body that was about to form.

Wang Lin forced himself to be calm and no longer think about this matter. He told himself that Song Zhi was not Wang Er. He closed his eyes and was going to rely on cultivation to make himself stop recalling the past.

But just as Wang Lin closed his eyes, he suddenly reopened them. His eyes revealed monstrous golden light and a hint of shock!

“That’s not right!!!

“I meet that Song Zhi outside of Blackstone City. Back then, that woman didn’t give the feeling she did back at the palace. She was very ordinary, very ordinary. Although elegant, not like what I felt back at the palace!!”

Wang Lin’s body trembled.

“If she had been the same as back at the palace, there is no way I wouldn’t have noticed it back outside Blackstone City. I should have felt that hint of familiarity back then!

“But back then, I didn’t feel anything at all, yet when I saw her again at the palace, I had that familiar feeling!!!

“Something is not right!!

“The Ancient Dao Emperor has searched for a concubine for hundreds of years and finally chose one. Song Zhi is not an absolute beauty, so why was she chosen...

“What kind of woman did the Ancient Dao Emperor spend hundreds of years searching for… Why did Song Zhi feel so different when I saw her again at the palace!?

“Why did I feel so upset when I went toward the palace and after I arrived? Why did killing intent appear when I saw the Ancient Dao Emperor? Why did it call disappear when I saw Song Zhi!?!”

Wang Lin suddenly stood up and his body trembled. His eyes shined brightly and lit up the whole house. His hair moved without any wind as if a hidden power was about to erupt!

“But I scanned her with my divine sense and wasn’t able to find anything wrong. She was completely normal, only her temperament gave me a sense of familiarity...

“Why is this so…” Wang Lin’s heart trembled. He could hear his own heartbeat accelerate. This kind of feeling was extremely rare for him. This was excitement, hesitation, and a mix of doubt and confusion. This was a tremor from disbelief or uncertainty.

A fire seemed to be suppressed in his heart, and it was suppressed to the point of erupting!

“Hundreds of years of selection… The huge gap between Song Zhi before and now… In the end, what is this secret that is driving me mad!!” Wang Lin’s expression became distorted and he could barely control himself. He wanted to rush into the palace and capture the Ancient Dao Emperor to soul search him!

But… he could not!!

He was Xuan Luo’s disciple and Xuan Luo was the guardian of the Ancient Dao. Xuan Luo was his teacher and had helped him greatly!! If he didn’t have any evidence and went to the palace to kill the Emperor, he would not be able to live with himself. He would not be able to face the teacher that had helped him so much!

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he raised his right hand. A black jade suddenly appeared in his hand!

This jade gave off a dark and ghostly light, as if taking one look at it would trap your gaze. This jade was given to him by Esteemed Green Bull back in the Great Soul Sect. It came from the Dao Wang clan’s genius who had planned everything to gain freedom for his clan. The genius who had taken out his own brain and heart and knelt before a statue of Wang Lin as if he was begging for forgiveness. It also looked like he was weighing the importance of his heart or mind as well!

“This jade can help you divinate the future once…” Wang Lin thought of the words that came from the jade.

Without hesitation, he crushed the jade and muttered a few chants. He opened his right hand and the jade turned into black gas. The black gas condensed into a little person who kowtowed nine times in Wang Lin’s palm!

The moment it kowtowed, Wang Lin’s mind rumbled and he saw the cave world. He saw a crystal clear hand take Li Muwan’s soul fragment from the Heavenly Dao!

In a room, he saw a vague shadow covered in seven-colored light holding a bead in his hand. This bead contained Li Muwan’s soul fragment!

He heard the vague shadow whisper something that shocked man in a royal robe.

He saw the surprise on the man in the royal robe, then the man took the soul away. The man spent hundreds of years picking a concubine to fuse with the soul and failed. Finally, Wang Lin saw a familiar woman. She was Song Zhi, and she had fused with the soul.

He saw the man in the royal robe pinch her cheek until the pain caused tears to flow from the eyes of the unconscious woman in the palace.

And he heard the words of the man in the royal robe!

The man in the royal robe was the Ancient Dao Emperor!

“Ye Dao! I’m going to kill you!” Wang Lin opened his eyes, and they were red from madness. His hair moved and he let out a roar that could tear apart the heavens and destroy the imperial power!

This roar contained a sense of madness and anger that was willing to destroy the world and give up his life without any hesitation!!

This was the most violent roar Wang Lin had let out since he was born, and it made the world tremble!!

This was Wang Lin filled with rage!
