Chapter 2024

Wang Lin’s roar spread out and shrouded a small portion of the imperial city. This shocked the hearts of everyone who heard it, and their faces were filled with horror.

Right now, most of the people had gone to the banquet, but there were even more people who were not qualified to go. They had to wait until tomorrow to view the ceremony from within the city.

Therefore, there were still many people from the three clans around, and sounds of music were echoing. Spirits were high and the atmosphere was very joyous. However, when Wang Lin let out the crazed howl of “Ye Dao! I’m going to kill you!” it shocked everyone and the music suddenly stopped.

The lively atmosphere and joy dissipated and was replaced with dead silence. Only the bright and colorful lights still dazzled, but there was a cold intent in the air!

“Whose voice is that!?!”

“Ye Dao… Ye Dao… Isn’t that the name of the Ancient Dao Emperor!?!”

“This person… dares to say such arrogant words in the Ancient Dao imperial city?” After a brief moment of silence, the area that was touched by Wang Lin’s howl was shrouded by cries of shock.

Inside the Ancient Dao Temple, the nine people under Xuan Luo were the closest to him. They opened their eyes in shock and looked up toward Wang Lin’s valley behind the Ancient Dao Temple!

At the center of the Ancient Dao Temple, there was a completely sealed space. Xuan Luo was calmly sitting there with his eyes closed. He could feel that the time of his reincarnation was not far away. He wanted to refine Wang Lin a powerful faith treasure before he reincarnated!

Before him floated a five-colored sword. This sword was very strange - it had four blades. It didn’t look like a sword, more like a fork.

Even at the edge, there was a hidden fifth blade that looked like it could appear at any moment.

Every once in a while, Xuan Luo would spit out a mouthful of green gas that surrounded the five-colored sword.

“I have refined this sword for a very long time, and now four blades have appeared. It is a critical moment, but once the fifth blade appears, it will be a powerful treasure for Wang Lin.” Xuan Luo opened his eyes and smiled. There was even a hint of self pride in his expression.

After asking Wang Lin to send the gift to the Ancient Dao Emperor, he had gone into closed door cultivation to refine a faith treasure for him. He felt that after becoming Wang Lin’s teacher, he still hadn’t given him a powerful treasure, and he felt like he owed Wang Lin one. He had chosen to go into closed door cultivation, and a majority of his divine sense was shrouded around the sword, so he couldn’t withdraw his divine sense in a short period of time.

However, just as he opened his eyes, he heard a crazed roar that wanted to destroy the world come from the wooden house in the valley!

This roar was filled with killing intent that could shake the world, and the words in that roar completely startled Xuan Luo.

He suddenly got up and looked behind him. His gaze seemed to be able to pierce the mountain and see everything inside the wooden house.

“What the hell happened!?” Xuan Luo felt his heart drop and felt like something big was happening. He waved his sleeve and quickly withdrew his divine sense. However, the sword had reached a critical moment in its refinement process, so it would take half an incense of time to withdraw his divine sense.

Feeling anxious, Xuan Luo quickly sent a message to his nine followers in the Ancient Dao Temple.

“Go to Wang Lin’s place to find the reason. You must stabilize him until I get there!! Don’t make a big deal of this matter!!”

Inside the wooden house, as Wang Lin’s roar echoed, countless ripples echoed and spread across the area. These ripples contained Wang Lin’s crazed howl, his conviction to kill the Ancient Dao Emperor, and also the destructive power inside his body!

As the roar echoed, the wooden bed Wang Lin was sitting on turned to dust. The wooden chair, table, and the entire house collapsed to dust. As the ripples echoed, a huge storm was formed inside the valley.

As the storm swept across the valley, the trees, grass, stone table, river, and everything inside the valley was turned to ash. The storm swept them all away into the sky!

Wang Lin was floating in the center of the storm. His hair was scattered and his eyes were abnormally red. He was emitting a monstrous killing intent. He… had gone crazy!!!

He had never been as crazed as he was now. It was as if his heart was being cut apart by a knife!

Before him, the metal essence in his five-element true body suddenly collapsed due to his rage. Then the metal essence true body suddenly formed!

When his metal essence true body appeared, the true body flew into the air and the rest of the five-element true body flew into the air as well. The five elements fused together before Wang Lin to form a complete five-element true body!!

The five-element true body was covered in a five colored light. Its eyes were closed, but now it suddenly opened its eyes, and they were filled with madness as well.

Wang Lin jumped into the air and his hair moved without any wind. His right hand reached toward his five-element true body. The five-element true body jumped up and fused with Wang Lin. At this moment, Wang Lin let out another roar.

As he roared, his cultivation level began to rise from late stage Void Tribulant to peak Void Tribulant! This confirmed that Wang Lin’s speculation about his future cultivation path was true!

This should have made him very happy, but right now, Wang Lin didn’t feel this change in cultivation level. The only thought in his mind was to slaughter his way to the palace, kill the Ancient Dao Emperor, and steal back Wan Er!!

His body was surrounded by a violent aura, and he waved his hand at the valley. The entire earth trembled and the entire Ancient Dao Mountain seemed to shake. In the cave underground, Wang Lin’s Grand Empyrean Sun and the Celestial Ancestor head flew up. A crack appeared above the cave and Wang Lin’s Grand Empyrean Sun brought the head out through the crack!

However, just at this moment, the nine people who had heard Xuan Luo’s message arrived. The nine rays of light pierced through the sky and arrived above the valley.

At a glance, they could see that this place was in ruins. They saw the crack and the storm that had swept this place. Inside the storm was Wang Lin; his hair was scattered and he gave off a shocking killing intent!

“Young Master!! You…”

“What happened? Young Master, please calm down!”

“The nine of us came under the command of Lord Xuan to inquire. Young Master, please tell us.”

The nine of them were shocked and they clasped their hands at Wang Lin.

Inside the storm, Wang Lin’s eyes were cold and his right hand reached toward the ground once more. He let out another roar and the crack split open even more. A ray of black and white light flew out, instantly fusing with Wang Lin. The Celestial Ancestor head flew out as a ray of golden light and was put away into Wang Lin’s storage space.

Having done all of this, Wang Lin suddenly turned and locked onto the Ancient Dao imperial city.

“Ye Dao!” Wang Lin clenched his teeth and didn’t even look at the nine of them. He looked toward the palace and walked in its direction like thunder.

However, just as Wang Lin moved, the expressions of the nine of them changed and they got in front of Wang Lin to block him. Seven of them formed seals and a gas spread out from the Ancient Dao Temple. This gas turned into a large formation.

The nine of them didn’t hesitate to open the formation of the Ancient Dao Temple to stop Wang Lin!

Wang Lin’s figure paused for a moment and looked up. His bloodshot eyes revealed monstrous killing intent!!

“You dare to stop me!?”

The old man with the highest cultivation level looked at Wang Lin with fear in his eyes. His scalp was numb as he clasped his hands and said, “Young Master, please don’t be angry. We are following Lord Xuan’s order to make Young Master stay. After Lord Xuan arrives, a decision can be made.”

“Teacher Xuan Luo…” Wang Lin’s head felt a stab of pain. He knew that Xuan Luo was the guardian of the Ancient Dao, and even the current Ancient Dao Emperor had been chosen by Xuan Luo, but now he was going to...

“Scram for me!!” Wang Lin’s eyes were filled with decisiveness. He was going to kill the Ancient Dao Emperor before Xuan Luo arrived so it wouldn’t make things too difficult for his teacher!

This was Wang Lin’s only path!

The expressions of the nine of them changed when a Grand Empyrean Sun appeared behind Wang Lin. This sun was more solid then back at Mount Gu Dao. When the sun appeared, the pupils of the nine people all shrank!

“Grand Empyrean!!!”

“This is a Grand Empyrean Sun!!!”

“He… He is actually a Grand Empyrean!!” The nine of them were filled with disbelief as Wang Lin lifted his right hand and waved. The world rumbled and the formation around the Ancient Dao Temple collapsed. The nine of them coughed out blood and were knocked back by the impact. Wang Lin didn’t kill them. He turned into a ray of light and rushed out of the valley!

A ray of red light slaughtered its way toward the palace!
