Chapter 2028

As Wang Lin walked through the palace while surrounded by thousands, a sigh from his teacher, Xuan Luo, echoed. Just a few breaths before this, in a mountain far away from the Ancient Dao imperial city, something else was happening.

The inside of the mountain was completely hollow, but from the outside, not even Grand Empyreans would notice it. Inside was a great formation, one so extremely complex that it would make one’s vision blurry from just looking at it.

The formation released white light and flashed nonstop. It gave off a strange feeling, and at the center sat a blurry figure covered in seven-colored light. The figure was forming seals and placing them on the formation.

Just as the seven-colored seals landed, an illusion appeared inside the formation. This illusion was a miniature version of the Ancient Dao imperial palace.

There were black and white dots scattered across the miniature palace. There were tens of thousands of black dots, but compared to the white dots, they were still inferior. The white dots occupied almost the entire palace and were still increasing in number.

There were 1,000 white dots, and they surrounded the only red dot. This red dot was soaked in a bloody aura and remained motionless.

“Black represents dead souls and white stands for vitality… This red dot… is Wang Lin… Wang Lin, we meet again!” The blurry seven-colored figure smiled and a hoarse voice echoed.

“This old man pulled her… soul fragment back then and gave it to the Ancient Dao Emperor. He indeed did as I planned and found someone to fuse with the soul to title as his empress...

“And you came to the Ancient Dao palace, as I expected… Kill, the more you kill, the greater the benefit for this old man!” The blurry seven-colored light smiled, but when he said “soul fragment,” his voice became faint but soon recovered. He raised his right hand and white light shined. As his left hand rose, black light shrouded his hand. This caused the colors surrounding him to become nine colors!

At the same time, a ray of grey gas appeared out of nowhere and fused with the nine colors, making it 10 colors!!

“The grey body formed in the cave world is now complete…” the blurry figure murmured, his voice hoarse.

The grey gas was that ray of ghostly light from when Wang Lin left the cave world. Not even Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo had detected it!!

“Unfortunately, I suffer… limitations and can only absorb the death aura from Wang Lin’s slaughter. Otherwise, if this old man acted personally, I could gather the amount of death aura I need in a short period of time so I can…” The figure paused twice while speaking. It was as if he was limited by something and was even afraid of the goal he was trying to achieve with the death aura, so he didn’t want to say it clearly.

“This Wang Lin’s slaughter in the cave world satisfied me, but once he came to the Immortal Astral Continent, he killed very little. If not for that, this old man could have finished gathering and would not have needed to use the Ancient Dao backup… Fortunately, I was prepared and removed her… soul fragment early on.” The blurry figure paused again on “her,” and his voice trembled before becoming silent.

After a long time, there was a flash of coldness in the blurry figure’s eyes.

“Since I have chosen to do this, I no longer have a need to be afraid. At most, my consciousness will be erased, but once I succeed…” The blurry figure trembled in excitement.

“This old man has prepared for so many years, I can’t fail! Let’s first extract the dead soul from the palace!” The blurry figure raised his right hand and pointed at the miniature of the palace inside the formation before him.

With this, the black dots all trembled and became faint, as if they were about to be absorbed by the formation. At this instant, a force seemed to shroud those black dots and bounced back. They were no longer faint and seemed to reject being absorbed by the formation.

The expression of figure surrounded by the 10 colors changed, and he exclaimed, “They…”

At this moment, in the Ancient Dao imperial city, when the sigh came from the sky, Wang Lin suddenly stopped. He seemed to forget about the danger, the 36 Fiends charging at him, and the Ancient Dao Emperor tens of thousands of feet away.

The red in Wang Lin’s eyes gradually dissipated and the madness and ferociousness on his face slowly disappeared, replaced by bitterness as the figure walked over.

He knew that his teacher would definitely come and would definitely stop him. That’s why he hadn’t explained at all and had tried to kill the Ancient Dao Emperor and take Li Muwan away as fast as possible.

Wang Lin had long seen the Ancient Dao Emperor’s thoughts and behavior from the jade he had been given at the Great Soul Sect. He had even heard what the Ancient Dao Emperor had muttered beside the bed.

On top of all these things, the Ancient Dao Emperor had made Song Zhi drink with Wang Lin. How could the Ancient Dao Emperor not have realized it after seeing Wang Lin’s expression? He was just immersed in the pleasure of controlling a pair of lovers.

Therefore, once Wang Lin understood everything, he issued a howl saying he was going to kill Ye Mo, kill this Ancient Dao Emperor!

He had considered hiding his anger and calmly entering the palace again to take Song Zhi away. However, his bottom line was touched. If he could endure it, it wouldn’t be his bottom line!

Although attacking an unprepared Emperor seemed to be the right action, it would be an even worse situation than now! It would have been an assassination! With his strength, charging into the palace in a fit of rage can be considered him losing his mind due to anger.

But if he were to assassinate, then that meant that he was very calm. If he did such a thing while thinking calmly, then the damage to Xuan Luo’s reputation would be impossible to repair. Wang Lin understood all of this, so he wouldn’t choose to do that.

Wang Lin wouldn’t choose such methods. He was going to take away Wan Er’s soul, kill the Ancient Dao Emperor, and do it all in broad daylight. The only thing he had to consider was his teacher’s feelings...

“Teacher…” Wang Lin clasped his hands and bowed at the person walking toward him. He didn’t get up and continued to bow even though the 36 Fiends had used this chance to close in on him.

In the sky, Xuan Luo walked out and looked at Wang Lin. He seemed to have aged at lot and he waved at the ground below.

With this wave, the 36 Fiends all coughed out blood and retreated in fear. Everyone beside Wang Lin was knocked away 10,000 feet, leaving only Wang Lin, who continued to bow.

The Ancient Dao Emperor sneered when he saw Xuan Luo appear. His eyes lit up and he quickly stepped forward. “Lord Xuan, Wang Lin broke into the palace and tried to steal my empress. He has betrayed us as Lord Xuan’s disciple I hope Lord Xuan…”

Before he finished speaking, Xuan Luo suddenly turned toward him.

“Scram for me!!”

The Ancient Dao Emperor trembled and coughed out blood as he retreated several steps. He looked at the blood he had coughed out in disbelief. He didn’t expect Xuan Luo to dare to injure him!

He was about to speak again, but when he saw the killing intent and anger in Xuan Luo’s eyes, he swallowed his words. His expression was gloomy, but he didn’t dare to speak again.

“Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo…” The father of the Ancient Dao Emperor, the old man who had lost his right arm, sighed and bowed at Xuan Luo.

“This child doesn’t respect the imperial power, but I believe the respected guardian of the Ancient Dao will deal with his matter fairy. After all, this person killed tens of thousands of powerful people of my Ancient Dao. He has endangered the Ancient Dao, and this is unforgivable!” The old man was much smarter than the current emperor. His words put the focus on the fact that Wang Lin had killed many people.

Xuan Luo silently pondered, then he looked at Wang Lin. His eyes were filled with regret and sorrow. There was also confusion, and his face seemed even older. He looked at his disciple, who was still kneeling there. His lips trembled, but he was unable to speak.

After a very long time, Xuan Luo took a deep breath and said, “Why…”

Wang Lin let out a sigh. He looked up at Xuan Luo with a complicated expression. He couldn’t repay Xuan Luo for the kindness he shown. He didn’t want to disappoint Xuan Luo from the bottom of his heart.

“Teacher… Don’t be angry.” Wang Lin raised his right hand and hit his chest. He coughed out a large full of blood and waved his hand. The blood scattered and fused with the blood on the ground, revealing a monstrous blood light. With Wang Lin’s blood as a guide, bodies began to form out of thin air.

These bodies were all the people killed by Wang Lin.

Back then, with Ye Mo’s cultivation, he could use a few mouthfuls of blood create the ancient gods, ancient demons, and ancient devils of the cave world. Now Wang Lin had the soul blood. With the inheritance he had obtained after fusing with the soul blood, he could do this as well, and he was countless times more powerful than Ye Mo.

These bodies appeared one by one. Tens of thousands of people, and not one person was missing. Their bodies formed and all the blood on the ground disappeared. Wang Lin’s face was pale as he opened his arms. The tens of thousands of souls flew out and fused with their respective bodies.

Wang Lin had killed tens of thousands of people, but he had only destroyed their bodies and taken their souls away. However, he was too powerful, so no one here had seen through him.

Xuan Luo was his teacher - how could he do something that would make Xuan Luo sad?
