Chapter 2053

Wang Lin watched Grand Empyrean Song Tian raise Origin Mountain into the sky, and the earth trembled as even more black light was released.

Their expressions were all calm as he coldly looked over.

The mountain rose higher and higher until it floated high above Song Tian’s head. He raised his right hand as if he was holding a mountain.

“Wang Lin, if you can withstand the power of this Origin Mountain, then I admit defeat!” Song Tian let out a roar as he waved his right hand and Origin Mountain smashed down on Wang Lin.

“This mountain is called Origin Mountain. It was the first mountain born in the Ancient Shi and has been here for countless. Its size hasn’t changed at all after all these years. I completed my dao and became a Grand Empyrean here. After I refined the mountain, I was able to release its suppression force.

“Wang Lin, take this attack!”

The world rumbled and the mountain howled loudly. The mountain was extremely shocking and instantly suppressed the area. The mountain was very strange, and Wang Lin could clearly see the power of law being pushed away by the mountain. A mysterious force split the law apart as if this mountain and the law of the world could not coexist.

Wang Lin’s eyes shined brightly. He stood there as his clothes and white hair danced in the wind. He looked at the incoming mountain and threw a punch at it.

This punch landed on the void and the force collided with the mountain 1,000 feet away. A thunderous rumble echoed and the speed of the descent of the mountain reduced greatly, but it was still falling.

Wang Lin’s punch trembled and shattered after colliding with the mountain. At the same time, a powerful pressure fell on Wang Lin and the space he was in split. It was like the area around him had been completely separated from the world.

“Interesting!” Wang Lin smiled faintly. This Origin Mountain’s suppression was similar to the Ancient Ancestor’s finger. However, the Ancient Ancestor’s finger separated the area into its own world to collapse it to kill the enemy. This Origin Mountain separated the area into its own world to prevent the enemy from escaping and suppress them.

Wang Lin looked at the incoming mountain and muttered to himself, “Indeed worthy of a Grand Empyrean. None of the nine Grand Empyreans are weak. Each Grand Empyrean has their own spells!

“For example, Song Tian’s Origin Mountain can reject laws and achieve the same effect of creating its own world like the Ancient Ancestor’s finger. Although this isn’t a faith spell, it’s enough to be proud of.”

His eyes lit up. With his current cultivation level, there was no one who could make him feel dread other than Grand Empyrean Gu Dao. None of the other Grand Empyreans were a threat to Wang Lin. Although this Origin Mountain was extraordinary, that was it.

Wang Lin’s expression was calm as he raised his hand and pointed at the incoming mountain.

This point was the Ancient Ancestor finger.

With one point, the world changed colors and the clouds scattered. The space separated by the mountain rumbled and a large amount of cracks appeared around Wang Lin. The cracks became longer, making it seem as if the space around him was going to collapse because it could not withstand the force anymore.

After Wang Lin pointed at the mountain, there was a rumble and it stopped. Although it continued to tremble, it could not descend anymore.

Just at this moment, the separated space Wang Lin was trapped in collapsed. Wang Lin calmly stepped out and looked at Song Tian.

“Want to fight more?”

Song Tian revealed a bitter expression, but he clenched his teeth and jumped on top of Origin Mountain. He bit the tip of his tongue and spat out a mouthful of blood that turned into a blood mist, which was then absorbed by the mountain. Song Tian sat down and his hands formed seals as he let out a roar.

“Origin Suppression!”

Origin Mountain let out a thunderous rumble. It broke free and descended upon Wang Lin once more.

Wang Lin shook his head and moved. Before waiting for the mountain to descend, he appeared before the mountain and pressed his right hand against it.

The moment his palm landed, the mountain suddenly trembled and Song Tian coughed out blood once more. He was knocked back several steps before he managed to stop.

At this moment, the rays of light from the Ancient Shi imperial city arrived, revealing dozens of figures. The person in front was an old man in a royal robe. When he looked at Wang Lin, his expression changed.

Wang Lin didn’t look at the people that had arrived. He waved his sleeve after Song Tian was knocked back. Origin Mountain immediately rotated and shrank until it was the size of a palm, then it landed in Wang Lin’s right hand.

After the mountain shrank, it looked like a bull’s head, and the broken horn had returned to normal.

When Song Tian saw this, he staggered back and his face became pale. Over the countless years, no Ancient Shi Grand Empyrean could shrink the mountain to such a degree.

But for Wang Lin, he didn’t even seem to refine it when he made it shrink. It also looked like Wang Lin could fully manipulate it as he wished. Song Tian felt bitterness in his heart as he let out a sigh and gave up all resistance. He clasped his hands and bowed at Wang Lin.

“I… admit defeat!” Song Tian said, then he looked back at the people that had arrived. They were all shocked by this scene.

“As the guardian of the Ancient Shi and as a Grand Empyrean, I recognize Prince Ji Du as the new emperor in 100 years!” Song Tian slowly said, then his gaze fell on the old man in the royal robe.

The old man was the current Ancient Shi emperor. He hesitated a bit and seemed like he wanted to say something, but he looked at Wang Lin and remained silent. He clasped his hands at Song Tian and nodded.

Prince Ji Du was filled with excitement. All of this felt unreal to him. What he had always dreamed of had been obtained so easily, causing him to enter a trance. However, he was no ordinary person, so after a moment, he immediately took a deep breath and stepped forward before everyone.

He hesitated for a moment and didn’t thank Song Tian or his father. Instead, he turned and got down on one knee before Wang Lin in front of Song Tian; his father, the emperor; and many powerful members of the Ancient Shi.

“Thank you, Godfather, for your help!”

This kneeling and sentence caused everyone’s expressions to change. They all looked over and revealed looks of disbelief.

In the Ancient clan, where the imperial power was supreme, the prince that had been recognized as the future emperor had actually knelt and recognized someone as his godfather!!

This kind of thing was beyond everyone’s imagination and caused an uproar.

“Ji Du, what are you doing!?” The first person to speak was the middle-aged man standing next to the Ancient Shi Emperor. He was the crown prince!

In the distance, Chi Man originally felt unwilling, but he had no power to change it. However, now his eyes lit up.

“Ji Du, as a prince, how can you randomly recognize someone as your godfather!? You will be the future Ancient Shi emperor, how can you kneel toward an Ancient Dao Grand Empyrean?!”

The Ancient Shi Emperor was still silently pondering. He looked at his own son kneeling before Wang Lin, not hiding the hint of gloominess in his eyes.

The surrounding uproar caused Ji Du’s face to turn a bit pale, but his eyes were filled with determination as he looked at Wang Lin. He knew what he was doing - he wanted to use this to tell his godfather that even if he become the Ancient Shi emperor, Wang Lin was still his godfather!

Wang Lin also looked at Ji Du. He hadn’t expected Ji Du to have the courage to do such a thing before his father, his brothers, and his fellow clansmen.

Ji Du could have secretly fulfill his promise to Wang Lin. This way, his process of becoming the emperor would be smooth, but now there would be twists and turns in his path.

The uproar was getting louder and louder, but Song Tian didn’t speak and the Ancient Shi Emperor also remained silent. Only his gaze became more gloomy.

Wang Lin slowly said, “Ji Du, I accept you as my adopted son!”

Ji Du took a deep breath. Before this, Wang Lin had never recognized him, and it was just him calling Wang Lin his godfather. When he heard Wang Lin’s words, Ji Du bowed once more.

“In 100 years, you will be the Ancient Shi emperor!” Wang Lin didn’t look at the crowd but toward the Ancient Shi imperial city. He could see that in the imperial city, there was a towering statue of the Ancient Ancestor.

That place was where the ancestral temple was located.

The crown prince and Chi Man’s faces were pale and they seemed to want to speak. The Ancient Shi Emperor seemed to understand something and let out a sigh before he spoke for the first time.

“For my child to have a godfather like Lord Wang is his fortune and glory to my Ancient Shi. I’m not the Ancient Dao Emperor, so will not force Lord Wang away, as that would cause a disaster for the Ancient Shi...

“I ask Lord Wang to stay in my Ancient Shi. If you have any requests, I’ll do my best to satisfy them!” The old man in the royal robe clasped his hands and bowed at Wang Lin.

At this moment, Song Tian smiled and said to Wang Lin, “If Brother Wang doesn’t have anywhere to go, how about staying here and witness Ji Du becoming the emperor in 100 years?”

Prince Ji Du got up and respectfully said to the Ancient Shi emperor, “Father, Godfather wants to go to the ancestral temple and this child has agreed, but I would like to ask Father’s permission.”

The old man smiled and said without hesitation, “Ancestral temple? If Lord Wang wants to go, then I naturally agree!” He didn’t dare to disagree or have any opinion about Ji Du taking this person as his godfather.

This Lord Wang had killed the Ancient Dao Emperor and broken into the Ancient Dao imperial city and had left with his life. Even Grand Empyrean Gu Dao hadn’t said a word. When he sat that even Grand Empyrean Song Tian was not his match, how could he dare to offend Wang Lin?

The supremacy of the imperial power had no effect on something like this.
