Chapter 2055

“I’m Ancient, I was born before the world appeared and survived before the world began. However, before me, there was still the celestials. Since the celestials want to make me their slave, let me destroy them!

“If I fail, my descendents will be enemies of the celestials for countless generations, until no celestials remain!

“Nine drops of soul blood. I gifted them to my three sons to lead my Ancient clan. When the nine songs and three signs appear, wait for my reincarnation, wait for my inheritor to appear…”

Wang Lin was sitting inside the ancestral temple, and his body had withered like a corpse. His white robe was loose and looked like it was merely draping over his body.

In his mind, this voice echoed for 50 years. At first it was only like a murmur, but as time passed, the voice became even more intense, like a roar.

Now it was as if someone was constantly roaring in his ear. The heaven-defying will and unwillingness in this voice made Wang Lin’s blood boil.

As all of his blood boiled, his body could not endure it and started to wither. Right now, he was like a corpse.

However, he didn’t look weak at all but seemed to vaguely contain shocking vitality and strength. It felt like once Wang Lin’s body recovered to the state it was in when he entered the ancestral temple, the power of his physical body would reach a terrifying level.

The Ancient clan’s third trial had three calamities. After the Ancient Race Heavenly Blood it was the Ancient Dao Three Soul Splits! After surviving this, the Ancient clan member would have their ancient power increased greatly.

Many members of the three clans who had reached 27 stars and became lords had experienced all three trials and seven calamities. In particular, the last two calamities of the third trial had to happen at each clan’s ancestral temple.

However, due to individual differences, everyone’s increase in strength and fortune were different.

In 50 years of time, Wang Lin was still sitting there, almost completely motionless. He let the voice echo in his mind, and it was only after Prince Ji Du left that Wang Lin felt the arrival of the third trial’s second calamity.

The roar in his mind became even more intense and his blood seemed to rage even more. A feeling of heat erupted and spread across his body.

“Ancient Dao Three Soul Splits…” Wang Lin murmured. From the stone tablet, he had learned that the so-called Ancient Dao Three Soul Splits would not split his origin soul into three parts.

Instead, he would have to endure three complete splits and fusions. He would have to endure great pain each split and would require great perseverance to fuse his origin soul back together for the second split.

After each fusion, his origin soul and body would become much stronger than before. Once he endured three cycles, he would have survived this calamity.

There was no death in this calamity, but the key was the time to endure. The longer one endured, the greater the benefits.

This amount of pain was not something ordinary people could endure; not even the imperial family could last long. Most people could not wait for a complete shattering and would often choose to fuse halfway. As a result, the fortunes obtained were different between people.

“During the Ancient Dao Three Soul Splits, one can choose to fuse at any moment…” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up.

Since ancient times, there had been people with great perseverance. However, although this calamity caused no deaths, if one allowed their origin soul to completely shatter and then was unable to fuse it, death could happen!

Therefore, even the imperial family and those with great perseverance rarely made this choice. Even if they did, they would only gamble once during the first split. Very few people dared to gamble their life during the second split.

Very few people had gambled a third time, and almost all of them had died.

Rumor had it that over the countless years, only the strongest Grand Empyrean, Gu Dao, had chosen to shatter completely and ultimately succeeded.

Compared to the second calamity of the third trial, the third calamity could not be considered a real calamity. The Blessing of the Ancient Ancestor was, in fact, an award from the Ancient Ancestor.

Perhaps it would be a sliver of memory, perhaps it would be an incomplete spell, or perhaps it would be a sliver of extremely pure Ancient Ancestor blood… And there was even that sliver of a chance it would be soul blood...

However, that sliver of chance was only a rumor and was something future generations had made up. It was said that not even Grand Empyrean Gu Dao had obtained soul blood during his Blessing of the Ancient Ancestor.

However, it was rumored that what Grand Empyrean Gu Dao had obtained was extraordinary, but no one knew what it was.

Wang Lin took a deep breath and his body began to tremble and his blood began to boil. Bursts of pain emerged and fused with the roar in his mind. They fused into a mysterious force that shrouded his entire body. At the same time, he clearly felt his origin soul beginning to show signs of shattering.

“It’s finally… begun!!” Wang Lin suddenly looked up, and his eyes were calm. He had waited 50 years for this day! Whether he could obtain more soul blood to allow Li Muwan’s body to safely enter the Immemorial God Realm all depended on this!

More and more cracks appeared on his origin soul and bursts of unimaginable pain followed. However, this level of pain was something Wang Lin could endure.

However, this was just the beginning!

“In order to obtain the soul blood, I must endure the second calamity to the limit to see where it ends!” There was a trace of decisiveness and determination in his eyes. He slowly closed his eyes to endure the arrival of the calamity!

When Wang Lin was going through the second calamity, circular ripples appeared outside the ancestral temple. These ripples spread out in all directions and almost enveloped the entire Ancient Shi imperial city.

This strange phenomenon immediately attracted the attention of all the members of the Ancient Shi.

“The Ancient Ancestor’s statue is releasing halos, someone is going through the calamities!”

“From the nine halos, it seems like it’s the third trial’s second calamity. This should be the first split! If it was the second, there would be 18 halos.”

“Strange, the ancestral temple would never open for just one individual. People always have to wait until the imperial family gathers enough people to open the ancestral temple.

“But I haven’t heard of such things in recent years.”

“I wonder how many people are attempting the calamity and how long they can last. Normally, it ends in just a few days.”

The people of the Ancient Shi were not surprised about the halo from the Ancient Ancestor statue. It was obvious that they had seen this before, and after taking a few glances, they no longer paid attention to it.

But what they didn’t know is that when the nine halos appeared, the Ancient Shi Emperor and Ji Du both looked over.

“50 years… He has finally begun his first split… I wonder how long he can persist. In my Ancient Shi, there have been someone who spent a year in the first split to reach perfection. I wonder if this person can do it.” The Ancient Shi emperor quietly looked into the distance for a long time and then withdrew his gaze.

Ji Du was standing beside the window of his room, looking into the distance. His wife was beside him, also looking in that direction with him.

“Godfather…” Ji Du murmured. His wife held his hand and gently looked at him.

Also at this moment, on Origin Mountain, Song Tian walked out of his closed door cultivation with his hands behind his back. He looked in the direction of the imperial city.

“With his cultivation level, he will definitely choose to completely split his soul the first time, so the time it will take will not be short… Forget it. When he was in closed door cultivation before, I acted twice. Although I later recognized Ji Du as the emperor. I did offend him first… And after he arrived, he didn’t pursue this matter… I’ll guard him during his first split as repayment.” Song Tian flew into the air and disappeared. He appeared outside the ancestral temple and then sat down with his back toward the temple.

“No one is allowed to come within 10,000 feet of the ancestral temple. Violators will die!” Song Tian’s divine sense spread out.

Wang Lin was enduring the pain of the soul split when he felt Song Tian’s arrival and words. He knew Song Tian had come with the intention of guarding him.

He took a deep breath and sent out a divine sense message to Song Tian.

“Many thanks!”

“No need, I’m only guarding you for the first split as repayment for acting against you.” Song Tian didn’t turn around but looked at the sky. After pondering a bit, he closed his eyes.

The moment Wang Lin’s divine sense withdrew, his body trembled and he looked up. Although he was suffering greatly under the first split, thanks to his current cultivation level, he could feel a figure silently looking over.

Wang Lin was familiar with that figure.

“Teacher…” Wang Lin muttered. He knew his teacher wouldn’t leave the Ancient Dao for no reason. His teacher had come because Xuan Luo wanted to protect him when he was at the weakest enduring the calamity.

In the sky, Xuan Luo looked down at the Ancient Shi imperial city and the Ancient Ancestor statue. He could faintly feel Wang Lin’s aura from the ancestral temple.

He had a smile on his face and his gaze was gentle.

“You are already stronger than Teacher. The only thing Teacher can do is guard you while you’re weak during the soul split.”
