Chapter 2056

The feeling of teacher and disciple was not something that needed to be declared. Although Wang Lin and Xuan Luo were no longer disciple and teacher, in Wang Lin’s heart, Xuan Luo would forever be his teacher.

And in Xuan Luo’s heart, his only disciple was still this child he had brought from the cave world to the Ancient clan.

In the ancestral temple, although Wang Lin was experiencing intense pain, he felt warmth. He took a deep breath, he closed his eyes, and fully immersed himself in his origin soul as it split.

With his teacher here, he didn’t have to worry about anything else.

In the blank of an eye, three days passed. During these three days, Wang Lin had sat there motionlessly, but the pain from his origin soul splitting became even more violent, like a storm sweeping through his body. As he sat there, a shadow appeared above him, and it was connected to his head.

This shadow had cracks all over its body and the number of cracks was increasing. In some places, the cracks seemed to have connected, making for a shocking sight.

This shadow was the external projection of Wang Lin’s origin soul.

If it was other members of the Ancient clan, perhaps they could not endure the pain and would have chosen to fuse after three days. However, for Wang Lin, this was just the beginning and was far from the end.

Another three days passed. The people of the Ancient Shi imperial city had noticed that something was wrong. They felt like the halos around the Ancient Shi statue were lasting longer than normal.

“It has lasted a total of six days, a few more days than normal. It looks like among the people going through the calamity, there are some with great perseverance!”

“Six days… I wonder who among this group lasted this long. Back then, I could not last past the third day. That pain is not something that can be simply endured.”

“This is to be expected from someone worthy of being guarded by Lord Song.”

However, although this attracted attention, six days of time was not long. People gradually forgot about the anomaly here.

Until the ninth day, the 15th day, the 30th day, and after two months, the halos around the Ancient Ancestor statue still remained around the imperial city.

At this time, more and more people of the Ancient Shi would look at the Ancient Ancestor statue in shock. They felt like this batch of people had endured a bit too long.

“Two months and no one has come out of the ancestral temple. Unless… Unless…”

“Unless there is only one person going through the calamity. Who is this person for Lord Song to guard him?”

“Two months, he has actually endured two months. It looks like he chose to go through a large degree of soul splitting.”

Time unknowingly passed and another six months went by. Adding the two months from before, Wang Lin’s first soul split had lasted for eight months!!

During these eight months, almost everyone in the Ancient Shi imperial city would look toward the Ancient Ancestor statue to see if the halos were still there at the start of each day.

More and more discussions filled the entire imperial city. This became a hot topic among the people in the imperial city. The people went from shock to horror and then from horror to excitement. Right now was the peak of their excitement.

Because there were only four months from the one-year record of the longest first soul split in the Ancient Shi!

“Can he hold on for a year? It has to be said that the longest someone has lasted in the first soul split was one year!! If he didn’t die during the second split he might have become a Grand Empyrean!”

“Eight months, this person is really crazy to endure that kind of pain.”

“Rumors say that Lord Song endured for 11 months in the past!”

As the people of the Ancient Shi debated, Wang Lin was still sitting motionlessly. However, the shadow around him was already in pieces. The legs of the shadow had disappeared and only half the figure remained.

This figure was completely blurry, as if it would dissipate at any moment. Although Wang Lin’s eyes were closed, he was enduring intense pain. Having his origin soul split bit by bit was like being cut by thousands of knives. He had to remain conscious during the entire process.

Eight months of suffering didn’t make him give up. He was going to wait for his origin soul to completely shatter before he fused!

The roar from the Ancient Ancestor was the only thing left in his mind.

“If I want the sky to collapse, it will collapse. If I want this earth to break, it will break! If I want a being to die, no one would dare to stop me. If I want no celestials to remain alive, who would dare to save them…”

As he endured with his full strength, the ninth month arrived, then the tenth and eleventh months passed in the blink of an eye.

Song Tian was sitting outside the ancestral temple, guarding Wang Lin for the 11th month. He was not surprised that Wang Lin could last until now, and he speculated that Wang Lin should be able to last for about a year.

“In truth, one year of time is only enough to allow the origin soul to become fragments. Only that one crazy person countless years ago endured for 28 months for the fragments to become dust!” Song Tian didn’t look back at the ancestral temple and calculated the time.

When the 12th month passed and two more months passed, the entire Ancient Shi was in an uproar. They all looked at the Ancient Ancestor statue, wondering who this person was and how long that person could last!

“14 months… Indeed worthy of Lord Wang!” In the palace, the old emperor let out a sigh.

On this day, in the 14th month, only a head remained on the shadow. It was filled with cracks, and as a burst of light appeared from within, it collapsed.

When the head of the shadow collapsed, there no longer seemed to be a shadow over Wang Lin, but if one used their divine sense, they would find a large amount of fragments floating around that were still collapsing.

At this moment, Wang Lin’s body had no vitality, as if he were dead. The blood in his body no longer moved and his body had become cold. He had lost his mind as if he was really dead.

His only existence was a will, the will to endure until the very end to fuse again. If he succeeded, he would be reborn, but if he failed, he would disappear.

“Will I fail? No! I will never fail!!” In his mind, the roar of the Ancient Ancestor still echoed.

These invisible fragments slowly shattered as another four months passed. Wang Lin had endured the first soul split for a total of 18 months.

This time, even Song Tian was moved. He turned to face the temple and looked at it.

If he was like this, there was no need to talk about the people of the Ancient Shi. The 18 months had made them used to the halos that were always there. However, the disbelief they felt made it impossible for them to get use to it.

The 19th month, 20th month… Until the 27th month! Wang Lin had endured for more than two years, and inside the ancestral temple, about 80% of those invisible fragments had completely broken down.

Only few remaining fragments continued to split.

The 30th month passed. During these two and a half years, if not for the fact that Song Tian could feel Wang Lin’s will inside the ancestral temple, he would have thought Wang Lin was dead.

“Madman!! For him to have such strength, it must be related to this madness. Does he not know that a complete shattering leads to death?” Song Tian had already stood up. He was standing outside the temple with an uncertain expression.

When the 30 months arrived, there was some change in the heart of the Ancient Shi Emperor. Although he still called Ji Du over as normal, there was something hidden in his eyes. However, only he knew what it was.

However, what the Emperor didn’t know was that Ji Du had also noticed this, but he didn’t care. At this moment, he was anxious - not for his position as emperor, but the safety of his godfather.

When the 35th month passed, even Xuan Luo, who had been guarding Wang Lin in the sky, became anxious. He wanted to remind Wang Lin but was afraid that there might be an accident.

The 36th month, Xuan Luo was hesitating when the nine halos suddenly shined brightly. The light spread in all directions and swept across the Ancient Shi imperial capital. The entire city became silent as all the Ancient Shi clan members looked over at the Ancient Ancestor statue.

Xuan Luo got up and excitedly looked over.

Song Tian gasped, then he retreated 10,000 feet and looked over.

In the palace, the Ancient Shi Emperor was nervous as he stood beside the window and stared at the direction of the ancestral temple.

Ji Du personally arrived 10,000 feet outside the ancestral temple and anxiously looked over.

In the ancestral temple, light shined on Wang Lin’s motionless body. Countless specks of light condensed on his body, forming a shadow that was many times larger than before. It shined brightly and gave off a shocking pressure.

When the shadow condensed, the nine halos around the Ancient Ancestor statue suddenly merged into one. It released a bright light and made the night look like it was day!

Also at this moment, the halos that had fused into one split into 18 halos that floated around the Ancient Ancestor statue!

“The first soul split is complete!”

“36 months, a total of three years!!”

Song Tian looked at this scene and muttered to himself, “A complete shattering and perfect fusion…”
