Chapter 2057

Some of the Ancient clan members believed that the Ancient Ancestor was not dead and was still alive! Most people believed that even if the Ancient Ancestor was dead, his spirit was still there!

The Ancient Ancestor’s spirit was still guarding the three clans. Otherwise, how could the strange scene that took place during the trials at the ancestral temple in the three clans be explained, and how could the blessing given by the Ancient Ancestor statue be explained?

How could the halos that appeared around the Ancient Ancestor statue when someone was going through the Ancient Dao Three Soul Splits be explained?

During the Ancient Dao Three Soul Splits, when the first soul split happens, nine halos appear around the Ancient Ancestor statue. During the second soul split, 18 halos would appear, and during the third soul split, a total of 27 halos would appear!

At this moment, in the imperial city, outside the Ancient Ancestor statue, 18 halos were shining and ripples were spreading in all directions, attracting the attention of everyone in the imperial city.

Song Tian was standing 10,000 feet outside the ancestral city, looking at the 18 halos. He silently pondered for a moment before he turned to leave. Three years ago, he had come to compensate for his actions and for his own peace of mind.

Now he had guarded Wang Lin for three years. Although he wasn’t the only one here, he had made his decision. If Wang Lin had faced danger during these three years, he would certainly have helped.

Now that the first soul split was complete, he felt that there was no reason to stay. He didn’t look back when he returned to his Origin Mountain. He stopped paying attention to the ancestral temple and began to cultivate.

Wang Lin clearly felt Song Tian’s departure. As he sat inside the ancestral temple, the shadow above him was much larger than before. Although Wang Lin’s cultivation level hadn’t increased, he could feel that he was stronger than before!

With his current cultivation level, even a small increase in strength was still shocking!

“If I can completely pass this calamity with perfection each time and get the soul blood… will I be able to pass the fourth bridge when I go back to the Heaven Trampling Bridges?” Wang Lin muttered to himself.

Wang Lin took a deep breath and his eyes shined. He looked at the shadow above his head.

“The first soul split took three years. The last moments were almost like death. If not for my will, then I fear I wouldn’t have been able to fuse back together...

“This Ancient Dao Three Soul Splits is related to willpower… But also luck…” Wang Lin frowned, and now he fully understood why so few people chose to attempt a complete split.

Luck may come once, or maybe even twice, but three times in a row… was very unlikely.

“Then this second time…” Wang Lin closed his eyes, and after a long time, he reopened them. He was determined.

“Luck is important, but if one has a powerful enough will to surpass luck everything, that works fine as well!” Wang Lin formed a seal with his hand and the shadow appeared above him. He closed his eyes once more!

The moment he closed his eyes, the shadow above his head trembled and thin cracks appeared on it. The second soul split began!

In the sky of the imperial city, Xuan Luo looked down with a smile. He sat down and continued to guard his disciple.

In his heart, although the Ancient Dao needed his protection, his disciple, who would be weakened during this soul split, also needed his protection.

In a flash, three years passed.

The 18 halos above the Ancient Shi imperial city seemed to have become part of the city. Many people of the Ancient Shi seemed to have become used to their existence.

Although they would still pay attention to the halos, their curiosity had slowly dissipated as time passed. Now they only had one guess remaining in their hearts.

They were guessing how long this person can endure the second soul split.

After three years passed, another three years went by!

After a total of six years, the 18 halos around the Ancient Ancestor statue remained. This made it so there was no difference between day and night in the imperial city.

Even at night, the light from the halos lit up the entire imperial palace.

10 years had passed since the second soul split began. Some of the younger children born during this time thought that the sky of the imperial city had always been like this.

The rumor of 10 years of soul split gradually spread across the Ancient clan. Even people of the Ancient Dao and Ancient Ji had come to see.

Time continue to pass. When the 10th year passed, the head of the shadow above Wang Lin shattered completely. He was suffering unimaginable pain, but he still endured.

Those invisible fragments continued to break down, and once they became dust, it would represent the second time his origin soul had shattered completely.

The Ancient Shi Emperor seemed to have given up on some unrealistic ideas and had stopped paying attention to the Ancient Ancestor statue. He focused on guiding Ji Du to slowly inherit the throne.

There were less than 40 years left until Ji Du would inherit the throne. For mortals, 40 years was half their life, but for the Ancient clan, although it was long, it was not far away.

As Ji Du gradually gained control over the various secrets of the Ancient Shi, another three years passed.

Wang Lin’s second soul split had lasted for 13 years! Half a year ago, a powerful pressure had spread out from the ancestral temple and produced a strange force. This force stopped all divine senses and people from entering!

Xuan Luo was worried as he looked down from the sky. Even his divine sense could not enter, and he could feel that he couldn’t even walk into the ancestral temple with this force surrounding it!

This power belonged to the Ancient Ancestor, and it came from that drop of soul blood!

When this happened to the ancestral temple, Song Tian, who originally wanted to ignore this, suddenly opened his eyes. There was a trace of doubt as he looked in the direction of the ancestral temple.

The 13th year passed and the 14th year arrived.

When the mysterious power spread out, Wang Lin’s aura had disappeared completely. It was unknown if he was alive or dead; not even the will that remained during the first soul split could be detected.

The only sign that pointed to the fact that Wang Lin was not dead was the 18 halos around the Ancient Ancestor statue.

No one knew that the countless fragments from Wang Lin’s collapsed shadow had completely shattered into dust six months ago.

However, after they shattered, he had been unable to fuse them again. Wang Lin had used this powerful will to attempt to fuse them several times, but still hadn’t succeeded.

His will had slowly weakened after he tried to fuse several times, so it was extremely weak now. All his vitality was gone and only a small amount of will remained when he tried to fuse again and again.

A large number of specks of light would gather to form a shadow, but they would soon become unstable and collapse into dust before disappearing.

This was the 13th time!

Without a divine sense or a consciousness, Wang Lin used the little amount of will he had left to begin the 14th fusion. A large amount of specks of light condensed when the 14th year passed by.

The 15th year arrived.

When the 15th year arrived, something shocking happened to the 18 halos around the Ancient Ancestor statue. This caught the attention of all the people who were used to the halos being there and caused an uproar across the entire city.

Even the Ancient Shi Emperor, who no longer paid attention to this, came out of his chamber and looked as the Ancient Ancestor statue. He took a deep breath.

Ji Du flew into the air and nervously looked over. He unconsciously clenched his fist.

Song Tian stood at the top of the horn on Origin Mountain and his expression was uncertain.

One of the 18 halos suddenly dimmed and soon shattered into countless pieces.

As a result, only 17 halos remained around the Ancient Ancestor statue!

“The halos have shattered, this… What is the cause!?”

“Could this person’s second soul split have failed and now they’re dead? Otherwise, the halos should never shatter and dissipate!”

“I remember! Back then, I heard that the three soul splits are not endless and there is a time limit. Could it be this person have reached the time limit on the second soul split?”

Bursts of discussions echoed inside the Ancient Shi imperial city.

“Wang Lin has reached the time limit of the second soul split. If all 18 halos disappear and he hasn’t fused his origin soul back together, then his soul will be gone!” Song Tian took a deep breath as he looked at the temple and frowned.

In the sky, when Xuan Luo saw this, his expression changed. He naturally knew the reason behind the halo disappearing. He didn’t hesitate to charge at the ancestral temple.

Song Tian had long known Xuan Luo was present, but he hadn’t pointed it out. When he saw Xuan Luo’s figure, he hesitated a bit but didn’t stop him.

Xuan Luo instantly arrived before the ancestral temple and stepped inside without hesitation. A powerful rebound force rushed out and shook Xuan Luo’s body. He could not enter and was blocked outside.

At this moment, the second, third, fourth… the 11th halo all shattered one by one!
