Chapter 2058

Outside the Ancient Ancestor statue, only seven halos remained, giving off a soft glow. However, one of the seven halos dimmed and seemed like it could dissipate at any moment.

“Wang Lin!!” Xuan Luo was blocked outside the ancestral temple. He was anxious and sent out a divine sense into the ancestral temple. However, it was like a cow entering the sea. Xuan Luo was uncertain if Wang Lin could hear it.

His hands formed seals and a sun-like halo appeared around him. He stepped into the ancestral temple, but he only took a few steps before he was knocked back out by the rebound force.

As Xuan Luo continued to try, inside the ancestral temple, Wang Lin’s body had completely dried out like a skeleton. There were no specks of light around him and his will was so dim that it was almost imperceptible.

Countless attempts at fusion had failed, causing his will to be almost wiped out.

It was completely silent, but a moment later, an anxious voice echoed in his place.

“Wang Lin!!”

“Wang Lin!!”

“Wang Lin!!”

Wang Lin’s eyes were closed and he remained motionless. However, when the voice echoed, a flash of red light came from his skeleton-like body. This red light was the soul blood inside his body.

This flash seemed to light up the darkness deep inside the ancestral temple.

Time passed, but it was unknown how much. Four more halos had dissipated and now only three remained. A lot of the light that had shrouded the world for years had disappeared, and for the first time in over a decade, night was different.

However, no one was cultivating on this night. They were all looking at the Ancient Ancestor statue, and even their breathing seemed to stop.

Then one of the three halos around Ancient Ancestor statue struggled like a candle flame in the wind before it extinguished.

“One more has disappeared!”

“Only two halos remain. This person’s soul split has gone on for 20 years. Can he really not succeed…”

“When these two halos disappears, he… Quickly, look, another one has disappeared!!!”

A gasp echoed across the entire imperial city and almost everyone took a deep breath. Another halo disappeared, and now only one remained!!

And this halo was also slowly dimming.

“Wang Lin! Wake up!!” Xuan Luo threw a punch at the ancestral temple and let out a heaven-shattering roar. This roar echoed across the entire imperial city like thunder and finally rushed toward the ancestral temple.

He stepped into the ancestral temple by force once more and was rejected by the rebound force. Xuan Luo was extremely anxious. He had experienced the Ancient Dao Three Soul Splits before. As long as the halos remained, even if there was no vitality or consciousness, it was not death, but something like sleeping.

A sleeping of the soul. If Wang Lin could be awakened from this sleep, as long as the halos remained, there would be a chance of survival. This was why he had chosen to come guard Wang Lin!

But once all the halos disappeared, this sleep would be equal to true death!

“Wang Lin, I’m your teacher, Xuan Luo. Quickly, wake up!!” Xuan Luo roared as he focused all his voice into the ancestral temple he could not step into.

When his voice echoed across the entire Ancient Shi imperial city, it startled everyone. Almost everyone had been wondering who had been going through the calamity in the ancestral temple!

There was finally an answer to this question!

“Wang Lin? This name is a bit familiar…”

“It’s him!! This Wang Lin is the person who killed the Ancient Dao Emperor more than 100 years ago! It’s actually him!!”

“Rumor has it that this Wang Lin is the 10th Grand Empyrean of the Immortal Astral Continent. My God, I didn’t expect the person going through the calamity in the ancestral temple to be that Wang Lin!!”

As Xuan Luo roared anxiously and it echoed across the Ancient Shi imperial city, the last remaining halo became even more dim. It looked like it could dissipate at any time.

Deep inside the ancestral temple, the blood light on Wang Lin’s body flickered even more violently.

“Who is calling me…” Wang Lin seemed to be asleep in a strange space. That place was blurry and he was walking blindly until he felt like a voice called to him.

“Where am I…” Wang Lin was still confused. The voice calling him appeared and disappeared. When he wanted to listen to it, it no longer existed.

“How did I get here…” Wang Lin felt confused as he walked forward. The sky here was dark and the earth was covered in haze. The whole world was covered in fog, so he could not see far away.

This place was a ruin.

There was no life in the world, as if it had been abandoned for countless years. The mountain was no longer green - it was now grey with defeat.

“I…. Who am I…” The confusion in Wang Lin’s eyes became even stronger. He seemed to have a lot of memories, but he couldn’t remember who he was, why he was here, and where this place was.

“Wake up… Wake Up…” That voice faintly echoed once more and Wang Lin stopped.

“I seem to have heard something.” In his confusion, Wang Lin wanted to look back, but just at this moment, he seemed to see a mountain in the fog ahead.

Seven-colored snow was falling on the mountain, and it was very beautiful.

There was a vague figure on top of the mountain. He could only vaguely see that it was a man holding a body. His long hair was being blown by the wind. This scene was filled with desolation and sorrow.

Wang Lin stared at this figure. This figure made him feel a sense of familiarity. This feeling made his body tremble.

A sorrowful roar came from the figure on the mountain. He raised his head and let out a roar at the sky, and it echoed in all directions. This roar contained a penetrating force that made Wang Lin’s heart tremble even more violently.

As this roar echoed, the dim sky began to tremble and countless ripples echoed, making it seem like the sky was going to shatter. It seemed like not even the heavens could resist the roar of this person and was going to collapse.

“Heaven and earth…” The figure let out a roar, but just as the figure said those two words, another familiar voice appeared.

“Wang Lin, wake up!!” This voice seemed to have appeared out of thin air. When it appeared, the mountain Wang Lin was looking at disappeared and the figure holding the body that was roaring at the sky also disappeared.

Wang Lin’s body trembled and he subconsciously turned and looked behind him. When he turned around, there was a thunderous rumble in his mind.

He remembered. He was Wang Lin, and he was going through a calamity in the Ancient Shi ancestral temple. He was attempting to fuse his soul after the second soul split. After he remembered, there was no longer any confusion in his eyes, it was replaced with clarity.

At the same time, deep inside the ancestral temple, there was an old man covered in white hair trembling 100 feet away from Wang Lin. This old man was wearing the same clothes as Xuan Luo!

However, compared to the youth Xuan Luo normally look like, there was a huge difference!

“Wang Lin, wake up!!” the old man roared, his voice hoarse.

Wang Lin slowly opened his eyes. When he saw this old man, the old man revealed a look of joy. However, he could not resist the rebound force and was blasted out from the ancestral temple.

“Teacher…” Wang Lin murmured, looking toward where Xuan Luo had gone. He looked at Xuan Luo’s white hair and knew he could never forget this for his entire life.

He suddenly raised his head and his hands formed seals. Large amounts of light appeared before him and gathered above his head to form a shadow.

When Xuan Luo was ejected from the ancestral temple, he saw the last halo slowly disappear. The halo that was about to disappear reformed and shined brightly. Then the second, third, fourth… 12 halos reappeared and shined brightly!

Shortly after, the 13th, 14th… 18th halos all reappeared! The entire Ancient Shi imperial city became silent due to this.

After a brief moment of silence, a huge uproar echoed across the city.

As the uproar echoed, the 19th halo appeared around the Ancient Ancestor statue. Then the 20th, 21st, 22nd… Until the 27th halo formed. They shone brightly and ripples echoed. Now, not just the imperial city, but even Origin Mountain was shrouded in this light.

Xuan Luo revealed a smile. He didn’t stay outside the ancestral temple. When the 27th halo appeared, he appeared in the sky and sat down. He knew this wasn’t over - Wang Lin still had to go through the last soul split!

In the ancestral temple, there was a large shadow above Wang Lin’s head that almost occupied the entire ancestral temple. This shadow was dozens of times greater than after the first soul split!

He raised his head and the shadow also looked up. His gaze seemed to penetrate the ancestral temple, and he saw Xuan Luo’s faint smile.

“Teacher…”

Their gazes met, and after a long time, Wang Lin lowered his head. He took a deep breath. Although the second soul split was extremely dangerous, it could not compare to what he had seen when he was confused.

He couldn’t help but think of the figure that was holding the body and roaring at the sky.
