Chapter 2059

Who did that figure belong to and who was the body he was holding… Wang Lin didn’t dare to think about these questions, he was afraid of think of them...

He silently sat inside the temple and recalled the 68 years he had spent here.

“There not much time left…” Wang Lin’s murmuring echoed inside the temple.

In the Ancient Shi imperial city, as the 27 halos shined brightly from the Ancient Ancestor statue, a huge uproar echoed across the entire Ancient Shi imperial city, and everyone’s gazes turned to the Ancient Shi statue.

“18 years. This person spent three years on the first soul split and the second division took 15 years. He must have gone for a complete shatter and perfect fusion!”

“The first time he succeeded, but during the second fusion, there was obviously an accident. I wonder how his third time will be!”

“If this Wang Lin continues to completely shatter, then his third time will be very difficult. If I were him, I would end the third split early in order to stay alive.”

As everyone’s gazes gathered inside the ancestral temple, Wang Lin took a deep breath. He removed all thoughts about that figure and fully immersed himself in the third soul split!

He could tell that after this second soul split finished, his origin soul had become countless times stronger and his cultivation had also become stronger. If the third soul split succeeded and his origin soul returned to his body, he felt he would reach a new peak!

To the extent that perhaps… he could even surpass Gu Dao!

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he revealed a determined gaze. He closed his eyes and his huge origin soul shadow, which occupied almost the entire ancestral temple, began the third soul split!

It was also the last time!

“Three years, 15 years… How long would this time last…” Wang Lin had no answer.

In a flash, Wang Lin had spent seven years in the third soul split. After seven years, the people of the Ancient Shi all looked at the 27 halos around the Ancient Ancestor statue in excitement.

The Ancient Shi Emperor had almost completed the handover to Ji Du. The day when the new emperor would be crowned was getting closer and closer.

As that day approached, the gazes of the Ancient Shi moved from the Ancient Ancestor statue to the biggest matter in the Ancient Shi. The ascension of a new emperor to the throne!

Countless Ancient Shi armies were slowly handed over to Ji Du so he could get familiar with them. This was one of the preparations for the large celestial and Ancient war that would happen in a few hundred years.

Five years… Five years… Five years...

Time invisibly passed and the seasons changed. In the blink of an eye, another 15 years passed. It had now been 22 years since Wang Lin’s third soul split began!

If one included the previous soul splits, it had been 90 years since Wang Lin entered the ancestral temple!

90 years of time was enough for a lot of things to change. It was enough for a mortal to live out their life or for a new emperor to ascend the throne. The current Ancient Shi Emperor had already retreated behind the scenes, and the one to walk before others was Ji Du.

Although the grand ceremony hadn’t happened yet, everything in the Ancient Shi was managed by Ji Du. Although he hadn’t put on the crown, he was already wearing the royal robe.

However, even so, his habit of looking at the ancestral temple every morning never changed. He firmly believed his godfather would succeed!

In the ancestral temple, the large origin soul shadow had already shattered into countless fragments and was on the final portion of its collapse.

Wang Lin had learned a lesson from last time and had left a trace of divine sense on his body. At the critical moment, this divine sense could awaken him.

Wang Lin continued to endure the decades of pain as his origin soul shattered. Countless people were unable to endure this pain, but to him, he even felt a little numb to the pain.

When the 95th year arrived, the entire Ancient Shi was preparing for the crowning of the new emperor in five years. At this point, the shadow above Wang Lin had turned completely to dust.

He began to attempt fusing!

Due to the accident that had happened during the second split, Wang Lin was very cautious. He didn’t try to fuse all at once but start fusing parts of it together until it became perfect.

He had an even deeper plan, and if he wanted to succeed, then he would have to do it during the fusion.

Times passed. After the 96th year, Wang Lin had fused 30% of his origin soul. The soul itself was not large, only about the size of his palm.

However, this 30% was several times stronger than his soul was after the second soul split. Perhaps if he could completely fuse his soul the third time, it would bring him to a new peak.

On the 97th year, Wang Lin’s origin soul shadow had condensed 50% and was much stronger than before.

There was only three years left until the 100th year. A bit more than 1,000 days and nights remained.

During these few years, the Ancient Shi imperial city was extremely lively. Almost all the powerful people in the Ancient Shi had gathered to witness the most important event of the Ancient Shi!

The change in emperor had caused the entire Ancient Shi to become extremely lively. However, the person who was going to inherit the throne had become silent. He went the Ancestral Temple alone and sat down outside of it to cultivate.

He gave up everything to accompany his godfather for the last three years before he became the emperor.

As the days passed, more and more people travelled to the Ancient Shi. Even people from the other two clans were on their way as well.

Almost every day, many people would enter the Ancient Shi imperial city. However, compared to the bustling imperial city, the ancestral temple was very quiet. It had been turned into a forbidden zone a long time ago and no one was allowed to get close. There were even countless guards from the royal palace guarding this place.

Ji Du listened to the bustling sounds coming from the outside as he sat in silence with his eyes closed.

“Godfather, three more years and I can become the Ancient Shi emperor…”

Ji Du sat there. As the days and nights alternated, the 98th year passed. Then the 99th came, and finally the 100th year silently passed.

On this day, after 100 years, the gazes of everyone in the imperial city gathered on the Ancient Ancestor statue once more. However, they were not looking at the halos, but at their emperor!

The entire imperial city was silent and there were countless people at the palace. They were waiting for the appearance of their new emperor. There were countless people standing on the square.

The messengers from the other two clans had arrived in a grand fashion. The people that had come were also of the imperial families and had very high statuses. They were waiting in the square.

At the very center of the square, there was a giant furnace.

There was a soft piece of dirt inside the furnace with a huge incense stick stuck in it. The incense stick was not lit - the only person with the qualifications to light it was Ji Du!

This was the imperial power incense. The moment the incense stick was lit, the smoke would turn into a drum. Ji Du was also the only one who could hit this drum. When the drum had been hit nine times, Ji Du would accept a bow from the entire Ancient Shi.

Everyone here was waiting; even the old Ancient Shi Emperor was waiting.

Next to the Ancient Shi Emperor, there were several people. One of the old men hesitated and softly said, “Time is about to arrive… Your Majesty, this…”

“Continue to wait! There is no auspicious time in my Ancient Shi. When Prince Ji Du comes to take the throne, then that is the most auspicious time!” the old Ancient Shi Emperor said with a hoarse voice.

The old man that had spoken earlier nodded respectfully.

Ji Du was sitting outside the ancestral temple with his eyes closed as if he didn’t care that today was this big day. Shortly after, sounds of footsteps could be heard as guards in black armor slowly closed in.

“Your Majesty, it’s time…” The guards got down on one knee. The person in the lead was a middle-aged man.

Ji Du didn’t speak and didn’t move.

The guard kneeling behind him also remained silent.

After half an incense stick of time, a sigh came from Ji Du’s mouth. He opened his eyes and looked at the ancestral temple. He silently got up and knelt down to kowtow three times toward the ancestral temple.

“Godfather… Child is leaving.” Ji du got up and looked at the temple before walking toward the guards. The guards followed him and they slowly left.

When these people left, there was a shadow floating before Wang Lin inside the ancestral temple. This shadow was no longer the size of a palm, but the same size as his body, like before the soul split.

The shadow shined brightly and looked very complete. It looked like it had fully fused, but the eyes of the origin soul were closed.

One year ago, Wang Lin could have finished the fusion. The process had been very smooth and there were no accidents this time. However, he had chosen not to end it and had maintained a trace of defect. As a result, he had remained in a sleep-like state.

He wanted to enter the blurry world he had seen during his second soul split. He wanted to see that mountain where the seven-colored snow fell. He wanted to see that figure again and hear the complete sentence.

However, not even he knew how he had entered that blurry world, and he didn’t even know what that place was. Finally, after one year of trying to find a way there, his thoughts became blurry and, for an instant, he faintly saw that world again.
