Chapter 2060

“Imperial power, ignite!”

A shocking sound echoed across the Ancient Shi imperial city. The entire palace was silent as all gazes gathered on the square, on the person in the royal robe before the furnace.

Ji Du no longer looked like a young man, but gave off a mature feeling. He stood there and looked at the sky as the shocking sound echoed in his ears.

The sky was blue and clear. There was a soft wind slowly blowing, and when it landed on your body, it would give you a very comfortable feeling.

Before him was the large furnace, and the incense stick was waiting to be lit.

At this moment, he was being watched by everyone at the palace and by everyone in the Ancient Shi imperial city. Even people who weren’t qualified to come the imperial city had been organized by their city lords and were all looking at the direction of the imperial city.

Even in the imperial city of the Ancient Dao and Ancient Ji, people were looking with penetrating gazes toward the Ancient Shi imperial city.

“Ancient Shi emperor… Godfather, I’ll soon become the emperor!” Ji Du looked at the sky and his gaze fell on the Ancient Ancestor statue in the distance. He took a deep breath and waved his sleeve. A fierce flame appeared around the furnace and the incense stick was lit.

“Greetings, Emperor!” Another shocking sound echoed across the palace. Everyone dropped down to one knee; only Ji Du’s father stood inside the palace and looked at Ji Du.

When the incense stick was lit, green smoke rose into the air and the sky changed colors. Clouds scattered and a rumble came from above. A huge rift was torn open in the sky and thunderous rumbles came from within.

It was a giant ancient god that was nearly 100,000 feet tall, and beside it was an ancient demon and ancient devil. They carried a giant drum as they walked out from the sky and floated in the air.

Ji Du’s body trembled and he flew into the air. When he was beside the war drum, he didn’t hesitate to throw a punch at it.

With a bang, a muffled drum beat immediately began to echo. It spread across the palace, across the imperial city, and across the entire Ancient Shi.

“The first worship!” The heaven-shattering voices rang out again and all the clan members bowed.

“Greetings, Emperor!” As they bowed, their voices fused together to form a powerful sound wave. An even louder voice came from every corner of the imperial city.

As the drum echoed, every city in the Ancient Shi released the same voices!

Bang!

The second beat echoed when Ji Du’s right hand landed on the drum.

“Second worship!”

“Greetings, Emperor!” The voices became even more intense and replaced everything in the world. It was the strongest sound, second to the sound of the drum.

“Godfather, I have become the emperor!” Ji Du’s right hand landed on the drum for the third time.

As the drum beat echoed inside the ancestral temple, Wang Lin remained motionless and his eyes were closed. At this moment, he saw a world.

The sky was dim and the earth was a blur covered by a faint curtain of fog. One could only see that it was a place that had been left in ruins for an unknown amount of years.

There was no confusion in Wang Lin’s eyes as he walked. He didn’t know if he was walking on land or the void, and he looked around as he slowly walked forward.

He didn’t know how long he had walked. Perhaps it was one day, perhaps it was one year, or perhaps a lifetime… Until one day, the mountain appeared before him!

Seven-colored snow was falling on the mountain and he saw a familiar figure on it. The figure was holding a body and roaring at the sky.

Its long hair could not be distinguished from the seven-colored snow as it moved with the wind.

The moment Wang Lin saw this figure, his heart skipped a beat and his breathing became rough. He wasn’t looking at the figure, but the body the figure was holding.

However, he could only see the black hair, not the body. He couldn’t even tell if the body was male or female. His face was pale as he desperately rushed toward the mountain.

But even after he rushed forward for a long time, he could not get close to the mountain and see what the body looked like. It was as if there was an uncrossable ditch between him and the mountain.

The roar became even more intense, and it was now filled with endless sorrow and rage. The sky showed signs of collapsing once more, as if this roar had the power to destroy the world.

The voice entered Wang Lin’s ears and caused his heart to feel a sharp pain. This pain could not compare to what he had felt during the soul split, but to him, it was like the most painful thing in the world.

“Heaven and earth!!” The figure on the mountain raised his head and let out a roar!

“What’s the point of being at the top of the heavens and earth!?

“What’s the point of being worshiped by all!?!

“What’s the point of passing endless scriptures!?!

“If the world is like this, why not destroy it!?!

“If all life is like this, why not disappear!?!

“If the scriptures are like this, why not end it!?!

“Since it’s like this, I’ll use my own method to make the sky close its eyes, to make the earth sleep, to make the underworld river flow backwards, to make reincarnation stop, to make the world… no longer exist!!!”

The voice was filled with shocking will that scattered in all directions. Wang Lin’s heart trembled and his body rapidly disintegrated as if he was going to kicked out from this place.

The moment his body completely disappeared, he saw the figure holding the body trample the heavens, and the sky collapsed. He took the body and disappeared into the collapsed sky.

The voice lingered as Wang Lin suddenly opened his eyes. He was still inside the ancestral temple, and his withered body seemed as if it had decayed. His origin soul was before him, looking at him.

In the end, he still didn’t get a good look at the body. Even the voice was completely blurry; it sounded familiar but also unfamiliar.

The surroundings were very quiet, but there were still faint “Greetings, Emperor!” coming from the outside.

However, Wang Lin ignored it all, and his eyes were filled with confusion. It took a long time before the confusion disappeared, and he tried to force himself to stop thinking about it. However, it was very difficult, so it took him a long time to stop thinking about it.

Wang Lin silently pondered. He had to make himself think of something else. Otherwise, this thought would take root and make him collapse.

“Impossible… Impossible… Impossible…” Wang Lin murmured as he clenched his teeth. He pointed at his origin soul, and his origin soul shined brightly. The entire ancestral temple was shrouded in this powerful light.

In this light, his origin soul shadow began to expand until it occupied the entire area. It didn’t stop - it shrouded the entire ancestral temple and expanded toward the Ancient Ancestor statue.

Inside the palace, the drum echoed.

“The ninth worship!”

“Greetings, Emperor!!” As the voice of the Ancient Shi members fused into a deafening roar, an extremely bright light came from the Ancient Ancestor statue.

Ji Du, who was standing in the sky beside the drum, suddenly turned his head. He looked at the Ancient Ancestor statue as the 27 halos shined brightly. At the same time, a shadow expanded and covered half of the Ancient Ancestor statue.

“Godfather!” Ji Du was startled for a moment and then his eyes became filled with shock and excitement.

At the same time, everyone else noticed what had happened to the Ancient Ancestor statue. They saw this shadow instantly cover the statue and reach the same size as the statue!

The shadow seemed to overlap with the statue, but when it did so, the Ancient Ancestor’s appearance changed. It now looked similar to Wang Lin.

This was because Wang Lin’s origin soul had expanded and covered up the Ancient Ancestor statue!

In the sky, Xuan Luo revealed a happy smile. “Ancient Dao Three Soul Splits, he has finally succeeded!! I wonder what kind of gift he will obtain from the Ancient Ancestor…”

On Origin Mountain, Song Tian, who wasn’t attending Ji Du’s ceremony, also looked at the Ancient Ancestor statue, and the same thoughts echoed in his mind.

“What kind of fortune can he obtain in the Blessing of the Ancient Ancestor…” Song Tian was looking forward to it.

Just as everyone was looking at it, and even Ji Du’s ceremony had paused, the 27 halos around the Ancient Ancestor statue shined brightly and then flew into the sky.

The halos rose into the sky and ripples echoed in the air. After the last halo rushed into the sky, the sky changed colors!

The nine songs echoed across the Ancient Shi imperial city!

This sound was wonderful and could not be described by words. Ripples appeared and then a ghostly light suddenly descended from the sky. Then there was a faint ray of red light that gradually became brighter until it dyed the sky blood red!

This was a drop of blood!

This drop of blood gave off the aura of a soul, and when it appeared, the entire Ancient Shi imperial city became dead silent!

“Soul blood!!” On Origin Mountain, the moment Song Tian saw the blood, he was shocked and revealed a look of disbelief!

“It’s soul blood! Three drops of soul blood can create an Ancient clan. He already got a drop before, and now… this is the second drop!” Xuan Luo took a deep breath. Even he didn’t think Wang Lin could get a second drop of soul blood!
