Chapter 2061

The bright red soul blood suddenly changed colors, becoming purple. When it arrived above the Ancient Ancestor statue, it turned purple!

Purple blood, Ancient Ancestor’s soul blood!

The soul aura inside became even stronger and caused the entire sky to be dyed purple!

The entire Ancient Shi imperial city, including the new Emperor, Ji Du, all looked at the purple soul blood above the Ancient Ancestor statue. At this moment, the purple light formed a halo and rapidly descended from the head of the Ancient Ancestor statue.

In a flash, this purple halo disappeared into the depths of the ancestral temple.

Wang Lin was sitting deep inside the ancestral temple and countless specks of purple light had surrounded him. The light condensed into his body and quickly fused with the first drop of soul blood inside him.

After the Ancient Dao Three Soul Splits came the Blessing of the Ancient Ancestor. This soul blood was the blessing!

Everyone who had laid eyes the purple blood descend was in shock. They could not believe what they had seen. This was soul blood, the soul blood of the Ancient Ancestor!!

“Rumor has it that three drops of soul blood can create a new clan. He actually obtained a drop of soul blood during the Blessing of the Ancient Ancestor!”

“Could it be that if one can perfectly go through the Ancient Dao Three Soul Splits, one can obtain soul blood!?”

Uproars echoed across the world. Ji Du looked at the Ancient Ancestor statue and gasped. Even he hadn’t expected his godfather to obtain the Ancient Ancestor’s soul blood!

When the purple blood disappeared, the sky returned to normal and it seemed like everything was going to end. After all, the Blessing of the Ancient Ancestor had arrived and the three trials and seven calamities had come to an end.

However, just as everyone was thinking about this, another change happened in the sky. An even bigger uproar echoed from all corners of the imperial city.

“It’s not over!! Look at the sky changing, the Blessing of the Ancient Ancestor is not over!!”

“Purple, its purple again!”

“Impossible! Could there be more soul blood descending?”

The uproar was heaven-shaking. The purple light was about to disappear when it suddenly shined brightly again. At the end of the sky, there was a purple vortex that was rotating rapidly, and its center was like a black hole.

The blackhole was where the purple light was the most dense. A drop of purple blood slowly descended, and when everyone saw it, a monstrous shockwave was set across the imperial city!

“Soul blood again!”

“Two drops, he has obtained two drops of soul blood!!”

The soul blood slowly fell and finally entered the head of the Ancient Ancestor statue. The purple light descended and disappeared into the ancestral temple.

The uproar continued. Inside the ancestral temple, more and more purple light appeared around Wang Lin. It quickly condensed toward his body and disappeared into him.

In the end, when all the purple light had entered Wang Lin’s body, there was a total of three drops of soul blood inside him. He suddenly opened his eyes.

When he opened his eyes, the Ancient Ancestor statue released a powerful purple light. As the purple light shined, Wang Lin’s origin soul, which was covering the statue, rapidly shrank until it disappeared without a trace back into the ancestral temple.

The sky slowly recovered to normal and no trace of purple remained. The Ancient Ancestor statue remained calm and still looked at the sky with disdain and contempt.

When everything returned back to normal, the people of the Ancient Shi recovered from their shock. Although a huge wave had been set off in their hearts, they forced themselves to calm down on the surface.

Their gazes toward the ancestral temple all contained different intentions. There contained envy, admiration, complication, melancholy...

Inside the ancestral temple, his origin soul floated before him and overlapped with his body. His withered body was injected with endless vitality and rapidly recovered.

After several breaths, his body recovered from his skeleton-like state to the way it was when he first entered the ancestral temple, but his power was vastly different from before!

Wang Lin closed his eyes and felt the changes to his origin soul. His origin soul was extremely powerful now. When his divine sense spread out, not only could he cover the entire Ancient clan, even the vast sea was covered.

He could sense the law in the world, feel the movements of all things, and even see the flow of time.

His origin soul wasn’t the only thing that had become powerful. His body had always been strong, but now he felt the power moving through his body; he felt like he could destroy the sky with one punch.

“I wonder how I compare to Grand Empyrean Gu Dao now…” Wang Lin murmured as he walked outside the ancestral temple.

This was the first time he had gone outside the ancestral temple in 100 years. When he stepped out of the temple, he saw the bright sun and the clear sky, but he didn’t see his teacher, Xuan Luo.

When the second drop of soul blood had descended, Xuan Luo had decided to leave. He didn’t meet with Wang Lin and silently went toward the Ancient Dao.

He had come in order to protect Wang Lin, and now it was over. He didn’t know what he would say to Wang Lin if they met, so he could only leave.

Looking at the sky and at the direction where Xuan Luo had gone, Wang Lin silently pondered. There was no complicated feeling in his eyes, only a gentle gaze.

“Before I leave, I need to go see Teacher…” Wang Lin muttered to himself.

“Heaven Trampling Bridges, I wonder if I can step onto the fourth bridge! But no matter what happens, my time at the Ancient clan is over. There are still 300 years until the Immemorial God Realm opens. I don’t want to spend this time on the Immortal Astral Continent, I want to go home...

“I’ll take Wan Er home.” Wang Lin withdrew his gaze from the sky and walked toward the palace.

He had promised Ji Du he would go witness him becoming the emperor!

Inside the palace, there were no fluctuations at all, but Wang Lin’s figure strangely appeared under the gazes of countless people. Wang Lin looked at Ji Du with a smile.

Wang Lin slowly said, “You will be an excellent emperor!”

Ji Du stared at Wang Lin. He could feel that his godfather had the intention to leave.

“Be a good emperor, lead your people to greatness!” Wang Lin’s right hand reached at the void and the crown on the imperial throne flew into his hands.

He waved his hand and then the crown flew toward Jiu Du. It landed on Ji Du’s head, and now he was the true emperor!

With a smile, Wang Lin turned and took a step toward the void. He disappeared from the Ancient Shi imperial city, disappeared from the gazes of everyone here, and disappeared from Ji Du’s eyes.

“Godfather!” Ji Du let out a shout toward the direction Wang Lin had gone. He felt sadness toward the parting. He could not forget that everything he had obtained was only possible because of Wang Lin.

Wang Lin left.

He left the Ancient Shi and looked toward the celestial clan, at the direction of the Seven Dao Sect. After pondering for a moment, he walked toward the Ancient Dao imperial city he had left 200 years ago.

In the Ancient Dao imperial city, no one beside Xuan Luo had noticed his arrival. In the back mountain of the Ancient Dao Temple, Wang Lin saw Xuan Luo in the house he had stayed in.

The disciple and teacher silently pondered for a long time before Xuan Luo smiled.

“You’ve returned.”

“Disciple greets Teacher.”

Wang Lin found the warmth from 200 years ago in this house. He had forgotten that he was someone as strong as Gu Dao. In his eyes, Xuan Luo was his teacher and he was the disciple.

Wang Lin stayed in the Ancient Dao Temple’s back mountain for three years.

These three years were a spiritual experience as he gained control of his surge in strength. He accompanied Xuan Luo because Xuan Luo had given up on his reincarnation. After three years, Xuan Luo watched Wang Lin leave.

Xuan Luo looked at his disciple. He knew that once Wang Lin left, the next time they meet might be 300 years from now.

Wang Lin’s figure disappeared from the world and appeared in a basin near the vast sea before going deep into a mountain. Now that his cultivation was at its peak, he decided to go to the Heaven Trampling Bridges again!

With his current cultivation level, he could attempt to break the bottleneck at any time. He could go the illusory world to experience trampling the heavens.

A few days later, an invisible ripple spread out from the mountain, forming a pressure even Grand Empyreans would find difficult to withstand. Wang Lin appeared before the familiar Heaven Trampling Bridges!

The sky was still hazy and the earth was covered in fog, so he couldn’t see far. Before him were six bridges, one larger than the one before. After the last bridge, there was a vague scene that Wang Lin seemed to be immersed in.

Behind him were three bridges.

He was currently standing before the fourth bridge, where he had stopped 100 years ago.

After a long time, he withdrew his gaze from the illusory scene behind the ninth bridge. He looked at the fourth bridge before he raised his foot and took a step forward!
