Chapter 2063

Grand Empyrean Gu Dao, the stronger person on the Immortal Astral Continent!

His cultivation was mysterious and he hadn’t made a move in countless years. With just one finger, the world changed colors and the sky showed signs of collapsing. Even the sea wall was pushed in, as if it could not bear the force.

Wang Lin’s head of white hair moved. Gu Dao’s illusory finger contained the power of wind, rain, and thunder. The thunder roared as lightning arched through the finger. Clouds collided, creating thunderous rumbles and forming countless drops of rain. The finger was filled with chaos.

Within the wind, thunder, and rain, the power of the five elements appeared. Metal, wood, water, fire, and earth, no weaker than Wang Lin’s five element essences!

As a result, this finger seemed to steal the fortune of the heavens and was powerful enough to kill a Grand Empyrean!

Wang Lin’s pupils shrank. He was already prepared for Gu Dao’s power. This casual finger was enough to kill a Grand Empyrean, but he was not surprised.

“Gu Dao…” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he still hand his hands behind his back. His hair fluttered and he gave off an unspeakable temperament. He didn’t move, and as the finger descended, he raised his right hand and suddenly pointed at the illusory finger.

His movement also seemed very casual. Looking from a distance, there was something wrong about this scene. Gu Dao’s illusory finger was very large and looked like it could shatter Wang Lin’s entire body.

And Wang Lin’s finger simply seemed too small in comparison!

However, just as Wang Lin pointed out, the countless lines of law trembled. Outsiders couldn’t see this, but Gu Dao could clearly feel it.

The countless lines trembled and shattered. All of them collapsed, and at this moment, there was no law in the world.

This caused the surrounding area to become a space with no laws.

When the finger collided with Gu Dao’s illusory finger, a thunderous rumble echoed across the world. It was loud enough to overwhelm the sound of the sea and spread in all directions.

Wang Lin let out a muffled groan and retreated three steps and looked up. Gu Dao’s illusory finger paused for a moment a strand of black gas flowed through it. The finger shattered and all the spells inside collapsed.

After the illusory finger shattered, the nine-headed fog beast retreated three steps!

Their probing attack ended in a tie!

As Gu Dao retreated, Wang Lin looked up and took several steps forward. He raised his right hand and his origin soul began to activate. A large amount of green smoke appeared around his right hand and quickly turned into green smoke rings around his five fingers!

An extreme heat suddenly spread out from Wang Lin’s right hand.

“Eight Extreme Dao!” Inside the nine-headed fog beast, Gu Dao’s gaze narrowed.

“Extreme Water Dao!”

“Extreme Metal Dao!”

“Extreme Wood Dao!”

“Extreme Earth Dao!” The powers of metal, wood, water, fire, earth appeared around Wang Lin’s right hand and turned into the Celestial Ancestor’s Eight Extreme Dao!

Although Wang Lin hadn’t learned all of the Eight Extreme Dao, being half a step into the Heaven Trampling stage made his cultivation level not far from the Celestial Ancestor’s. As a result, when he used the Eight Extreme Dao, he could reach a level similar to the Celestial Ancestor’s!

Countless rings of smoke appeared before Wang Lin. As he waved his right hand, the large amount of rings flew toward the nine-headed fog beast.

With only five Extreme Daos, it could not be considered a heaven-shattering spell. When Went Lin went to the Heaven Defying Bridges the second time, although it looked like he had walked past the fifth bridge really fast, it felt like countless years to him, and he had comprehended his own version of the last three Extreme Daos.

“Extreme Land Dao!” As Wang Lin walked toward the fog beast, he was calm like a grandmaster of the generation. His right hand threw a punch at the land below and the basin under the sea suddenly trembled. Then an land aura rushed out. It was dirty and filled with a large amount of death aura. This was formed by all the creatures that had died in this vast sea.

This land aura filled the world and formed a giant grey halo. There was only one halo, and as it rushed forward, it shrank while giving off a shocking amount of power!

Inside the fog beast, Gu Dao’s pupils shrank. It was clear that Wang Lin’s current strength and display of spells had made even him serious.

“How many Heaven Trampling Bridges did he pass…” Gu Dao’s eyes lit up, and without hesitation, his hands formed a seal. The nine-headed fog beast suddenly let out a roar at the sky. Countless ripples spread out and nine different lights came from the nine heads.

“Extreme Sky Dao!” Wang Lin calmly said as he walked forward, his right hand pointing at the sky.

The dark sky looked like it was going to collapse, but then a bright light flashed. Wang Lin’s point turned into a palm, then he reached toward the sky and seemed to grab all the light in the sky. The dark sky dimmed and all the light condensed into a sun-like halo, then it rapidly descended upon the nine-headed fog beast.

The Eight Extreme Daos that belonged to Wang Lin were complete, except for the very last Extreme Dao. Metal, wood, water, fire, and earth, along with sky and land, rapidly closed in on the fog beast.

The nine-headed fog beast roared and a nine-colored light flashed, forming a nine-colored rainbow around it. The nine-colored rainbow scattered and resisted Wang Lin’s Eight Extreme Dao spell.

Shortly after, inside the fog, Gu Dao’s arms opened and hundreds of balls of fog flew out from the nine heads of the beast. Each ball contained enough power to kill an Ascendant Empyrean; even Grand Empyreans would be alarmed when facing so many of them.

When the hundreds of balls of fog appeared, they suddenly divided into hundreds of thousands. They floated beside the nine-headed fog beast and resisted Wang Lin’s Eight Extreme Dao with the nine-colored rainbow!

The resulting thunderous rumbles were heaven-shattering. The five element Extreme Daos shattered one by one, but the Extreme Sky and Land Daos penetrated through and landed on the body of the fog beast.

The fog beast let out a fierce roar, and as its giant body trembled, Wang Lin appeared next to it. After he used the Eight Extreme Dao, he didn’t hesitate to activate his Rapid Spell Art. His speed instantly reached a peak and he disappeared with one step.

At this moment, he reappeared without a sound and threw a punch with his right hand. The world rumbled as a giant fist smashed down on the fog beast’s body. Wang Lin didn’t look at the result before he disappeared once more. This time, he reappeared inside the fog behind Gu Dao and threw a punch.

The moment his punch landed, Gu Dao suddenly turned and waved his sleeve. With a bang, Wang Lin was knocked out of the fog beast, but Gu Dao also let out a groan as his sleeve turned to dust.

Wang Lin’s punch could not be offset easily. When he saw Gu Dao attack, he already had a plan, and there was a purpose to this punch.

This punch seemed to combine forces with the punch thrown at the fog beast from the outside. The forces of the two punches collided at the center of the fog and created a terrifying storm that tore the fog beast’s body apart!

However, Gu Dao was still the strongest on the Immortal Astral Continent. Just after he waved, the countless balls of fog around the fog beast all rushed toward Wang Lin. Wang Lin was unable to dodge, so all the balls of fog smashed into his body.

One ball of fog could kill an Ascendant Empyrean, and hundreds of thousands of them was enough to destroy the world. As they closed in, Wang Lin closed his eyes and pointed to between his eyebrows.

“Extreme Life Dao!” Wang Lin’s eyes suddenly opened and revealed two strange rays of light. This light spread out around him like a dark aura and formed a protective barrier.

Thunderous rumbles echoed like millions of bolts of thunder exploding at once. This shockwave caused the entire vast basin to tremble and even affected the laws of the world. The entire Immortal Astral Continent felt this collision.

In the Dao Yi Sect, Mount Emperor, Purple Yang Sect, and the glacier in the Northern Continent - the four Grand Empyreans there all felt this change in the world, and their hearts trembled. They all felt the collision of the two auras from the vast basin.

“Gu Dao has made a move!”

“One of them belongs to Gu Dao!! The other one… is very familiar…”

“Who is battling Gu Dao to cause such a shocking scene!?”

“The aura battling Gu Dao is… Wang Lin!”

Four rays of light flew out from the Celestial clan toward the vast basin.

At the same time, in the Ancient clan, Xuan Luo, Song Tian, and the mysterious Ancient Ji Grand Empyrean all felt the change in the world and the earth trembling. The three of them didn’t hesitate to rush toward the vast basin.
