Chapter 2064

All the Grand Empyreans on the Immortal Astral Continent were startled. Seven rays of light rushed toward the vast basin from different directions. The three rays of light from the Ancient clan were extremely fast.

On the celestial clan side, the four of them remained silent as they rushed forward. However, even with their speed, they would need half a month of time to arrive at the battlefield.

After all, the Immortal Astral Continent was simply too large, and they didn’t have Wang Lin or Gu Dao’s cultivation levels.

At the center of the vast basin, where the sea storm was raging, a thunderous rumble echoed across the side facing the Ancient clan. The countless balls of fog around Wang Lin exploded, and after they disappeared, blood flowed out from the corner of Wang Lin’s mouth. He was knocked back thousands of feet and the light around him collapsed.

The fog around Gu Dao completely shattered and let out a miserable scream. It rapidly disappeared along with the fog beast. Once all the fog disappeared, his mysterious face would be revealed.

Thousands of feet from Wang Lin, Gu Dao slowly said, “In order to see my appearance, you didn’t hesitate to sustain injuries…” The fog around him became very thin and only a few strands remained, barely blocking his face.

“Since you want to see, then you can take a look… You are the first person to see my appearance in countless years…” Gu Dao’s body was thin and he was wearing a green robe, but the sleeve on his right hand was missing. His hair was grey, and he was looking at Wang Lin when the fog around his face completely disappeared.

Wang Lin also looked at him from thousands of feet away. When the fog around his face scattered, Wang Lin finally got to see what Grand Empyrean Gu Dao looked like. He was not surprised and let out a long sigh.

“It indeed is you!”

Gu Dao remained silent.

Wang Lin looked at the familiar face before him and slowly said, “Should I call you Ancient Ancestor, or Gu Dao?”

Gu Dao looked exactly like Ancient Ancestor’s statue in the three capital cities!!

“Or, to be more accurate, your appearance belongs to you. The statues in the capital cities were made according to your appearance!” Wang Lin looked at Gu Dao, who gave off an ancient aura.

Gu Dao revealed a melancholy expression and slowly said, “I’m Gu Dao… and also the Ancient Ancestor.

“I obtained part of the Ancient Ancestor’s memory and will… to guard the Ancient clan and the descendents of the imperial families… My appearance slowly changed after absorbing the memory and will…” Gu Dao’s voice was low.

“The maximum distance you can leave should be this place! Rumors say that you killed a Grand Empyrean in the celestial clan, but that should be misinformation. It should be that they invaded past the center of the vast sea, so you killed them.” Wang Lin’s mind was suddenly filled with clarity. He had just obtained answers to a lot of questions he had.

He was confused because with Gu Dao’s cultivation level, he could easily destroy the entire celestial clan so that no celestials remained, but after countless years, the celestial clan still remained.

“You obtained the Ancient Ancestor’s memory and will. You should have also obtained some restrictions along with the inheritance.” Wang Lin looked at Gu Dao and let out a sigh.

“When I changed completely, I felt the restriction… I can’t go too far from the Ancient clan, and once I do leave, all my power will disappear…” Gu Dao was very calm, showing no helplessness or bitterness.

“Why do you want to stop me from leaving?” Wang Lin asked this question once more.

Gu Dao shook his head, and instead of answering Wang Lin’s question, he murmured to himself, “After I obtained the Ancient Ancestor’s memory, I slowly felt something throughout the countless years… a few things… I can’t understand, I can’t believe, but they are very real.” Gu Dao let out a sigh as he looked at the earth and toward the Ancient clan.

“Perhaps it’s real, perhaps it’s just an illusion…” His eyes were filled with decisiveness.

“Let’s battle. If you win against me, I’ll have no power to stop you and you can leave! I can feel that you haven’t used your full power, and now I won’t hold back anymore either!

“I have the two strongest spells. One is the Ancient World. In the memory of the Ancient Ancestor, he was born from the void. He always believed that his eyes could become the sun and moon, that his blood could become the rivers and seas, that his bones could become the mountain ranges, that his hands put together could become the sky, and his body could become the earth.

“With his faith and thoughts, he used his life force to create this spell, Ancient World!

“I have never used this spell since obtaining the inheritance… Today will be the first time…” Gu Dao slowly said as he looked at Wang Lin.

Wang Lin silently pondered for a moment and his gaze met Gu Dao’s gaze.

“In the Ancient Shi ancestral temple, I saw a figure, and that figure took a step to trample the heavens. That step shocked me greatly. On the fifth bridge, I was immersed in a reincarnation-like world. I don’t know how much time passed, but aside from comprehending the Eight Extreme Dao, the thing I comprehended the most was that step...

“Originally, I couldn’t walk past the fifth bridge, but with that step, I was able to cross it.

“This step, I’ll call it the Step to Trample the Heavens!” As he muttered this, his eyes were filled with decisiveness. Since this battle couldn’t be avoided, he would battle until the end.

After hearing Wang Lin say that he had passed the fifth bridge, Gu Dao pondered for a moment. He then raised his right hand and waved. “If you can resist this spell, then you are qualified to witness the spell that I have spent countless years studying. One Dao Heaven!”

With this wave, countless specks of light gathered behind him, and just a moment later, a light shadow appeared behind him.

This light shadow was shrouded in light and one couldn’t see its appearance. However, after it appeared, it opened its mouth and inhaled. A large amount of power of the world was rapidly pulled in. This inhale instantly covered millions of kilometers, and even the entire vast basin was covered.

Endless power of the world was absorbed and the light shadow expanded. The inhale power expanded toward the celestial clan and the Ancient clan.

In the area near the vast sea on the celestial clan’s side, the four Celestial Grand Empyreans all stopped. They looked into the distance and felt like they were going to lose their wits.

Similarly, the same thing happened on the Ancient clan with Song Tian and company. They felt the powerful sucking force pulling the power of the world toward the vast basin.

At the center of the vast sea, the light shadow rapidly expanded as it absorbed the power of the world. It was more than 100,000 feet tall and was still growing. In just a few moments, Wang Lin could no longer see the upper body of the light shadow - he could only see its legs!

Wang Ling gasped. He didn’t know how tall the light shadow would become, but he could imagine that if one looked from outside the Immortal Astral continent, one would see a giant standing there!

It pierced through the heavens!

“Ancient Ancestor…” Wang Lin watched the light shadow continue to expand. He didn’t know how large it would become. Perhaps if given enough power, it would become like a star system...

It would continue to expand until all the power of the world on the Immortal Astral Continent was absorbed. However, just its current size was enough to give Wang Lin indescribable pressure.

“Ancient World…” Wang Lin looked at the sky and his divine sense spread out. He felt a strange scene.

This large light shadow’s eyes changed. One eye became the bright sun and one became the moon. The blood that flowed out of it gradually became the rivers and the seas.

Its hands rose up and turned in the blue sky. Its body fell and became the earth, then its bones became mountain ranges.

As Wang Lin watched all of this, he suddenly felt intense pain from his eyes. It was as if a great power wanted to extract his eyes to make one the sun and the other the moon!

His hands also trembled and seemed to rise into the air to become the sky. His body was also pulled by a strange force to become the earth.

This was a faith spell!

An extremely powerful spell where when one’s faith reached a level that could change the world, time, and space of everything it enveloped!

Under this faith, Wang Lin took a deep breath and gradually closed his eyes. He no longer considered how to break this spell, but closed his eyes. The figure on top of the mountain where the seven-colored snow fell that was holding the body appeared in his mind. The figure roared at the sky and took that step toward the sky!

This step continued to appear in his mind countless times. Wang Lin’s right foot slowly rose and he took a step toward the world created by the Ancient Ancestor’s faith.

With this step, Wang Lin had the illusion that he was the figure holding the body and roaring at the sky. An indescribable sense of sadness appeared in his heart - it was as if his heart was being carved out...

He seemed to have forgotten that he was battling against Gu Dao and that he was going to return to the cave world. The only thing that existed in his mind was endless sorrow, despair, and anger!

This anger made Wang Lin’s foot suddenly land!

One Step to Trample The Heavens!
