Chapter 2065

With this step, Wang Lin’s anger surged out through his right foot and smashed onto the world. At this moment, he reached an unimaginable realm as he trampled down on the heavens.

The entire world seemed to be below his feet, all life seemed to be below his feet. Whether it was laws or rules, everything was destroyed by this step.

Large amounts of cracks appeared in the sky with that step and countless fragments scattered, causing the sky to disappear!

The sky collapsed!

When Wang Lin’s right foot landed and he raised his head, the earth shattered!

The sun and moon disappeared, the rivers and seas dissipated, and the sky and earth forming this Ancient World all collapsed.

Gu Dao’s body trembled and he coughed out a mouthful of blood. He staggered back more than 100 steps before he stopped and his face turned pale for the first time.

“Heaven Trampling Realm!! This is the complete Heaven Trampling Realm!!” He was shocked as he looked at Wang Lin. He felt like a terrifying power was awakening.

As Wang Lin stood there, everything that had happened was like an illusion. His eyes remained closed for a long time before he slowly opened them, and the trace of sorrow still remained. He looked at the sky for a long, long time.

After one incense stick of time, Gu Dao looked at Wang Lin with a complicated gaze and slowly said, “Which bridge did you walk past?”

“The seventh bridge, then I failed on the eighth.” Wang Lin closed his eyes as if he wanted to keep the sorrow.

“The seventh bridge…” Gu Dao smiled bitterly and he looked at Wang Lin profoundly. He clearly felt the intent to trample the heavens in that step. This intent was the ultimate expression of faith.

With his current cultivation level, he was unable to take that step.

“Perhaps I might really not be able to make you stay…” Gu Dao took a deep breath and the complication in his eyes turned into determination as he continued, “However, I can’t give up like this. I spent my entire life pondering One Dao World!

“I call it ‘One Dao World’ because it’s made from my faith in the Ancient clan. I may not be as strong as the Ancient Ancestor, but my faith is different from his!

“He had faith that he could turn into the world, and because of this faith, I could not leave the Ancient clan. Perhaps in the Ancient Ancestor’s mind, the land of the celestials was not a land formed by him, but a place he hated.

“My faith is to believe that the sky cannot cover my eyes, that the earth is unable to stop my body, that the sun and moon and the entire Immortal Astral Continent are unable to stop my heart!

“With One Dao World, my heart is the dao, my dao tramples the heavens, the heavens become stairs, and I trample the heavens to see the truth!!” After Gu Dao spoke, he waved his hand at the sky.

The sky rumbled and a huge vortex enveloped the entire vast basin as if it was the end of the world. Gu Dao’s right hand pointed at Wang Li.

“You are the heavens!” Gu Dao’s voice echoed like thunder and a powerful faith surged. As he pointed, ripples appeared around Wang Lin. Wang Lin felt something, and he looked up to see a giant foot appear from the vortex, trampling down toward him!

After 200 years, Wang Lin once again felt a life or death crisis. People who were half a step into the Heaven Trampling stage were shockingly powerful. Wang Lin had comprehended the heaven-trampling step from that familiar figure. Gu Dao had used his amazing wisdom and countless years of faith to comprehend his own heaven-trampling dao!

“All living things want to trample the heavens. Those that can’t succeed have no faith, no will…” This was engraved before the eighth bridge, and Wang Lin had seen it the second time he had gone to the Heaven Trampling Bridges.

At this moment, as he looked at Gu Dao, this sentence appeared in his mind. He suddenly understood something. Everything in this world, whether it was humans or beasts, even spirits, all had the intent to trample the heavens.

Just like how he had answered Li Qianmei’s three questions back in the cave world, the world was a circle, and outside that circle was another circle...

“Very few people are extraordinary from birth… All living things in the world desire to be extraordinary. They desire freedom so they won’t be controlled by others. The law of this word is a circle, the strong preying on the weak in the cultivation world is a circle, and this entire world is a cage like circle...

“The bright sky and the starry sky are also circles!

“Walk out of his circle, walk out of more circles until you tramples the heavens. Take the last step among all living things until nothing covers your eyes and you are no longer confused… This is the true meaning of ‘walk the path of true dao’ in the dao scripture!!”

Wang Lin murmured as he looked at the huge foot falling down from the sky. He vaguely understood, he vaguely had an enlightenment!

“Life and death, karma, true and false…

“If life and death were a rope, countless lives and deaths would connect together to form circles. These countless circles would form a net, and that net would be karma. This large karma net would be used to catch oneself in the river of reincarnation. The river of reincarnation contains true and false, and only with a pair of eyes that can see through true and false can one throw the net to fish oneself out.

“After I completed my true and false essence in the Dong Lin Sect hundreds of years ago, I sensed the reincarnation essence. However, over the past hundreds of years, I still couldn’t understand what reincarnation was...

“What is reincarnation? I originally thought it was a law that covered the afterlife. That was until the appearance of the Ancient Dao Imperial Teacher. No matter the reason, he revealed that to truly resurrect Wan Er, I need to use the power of reincarnation in the Immemorial God Realm...

“At that time, I was puzzled. What is the power of reincarnation? I thought it was a law of the world...

“Now I finally understand… Reincarnation is the heavens! I’ll use my hands to cast this net of karma to the heavens to fish out my true self!!

“Is… this the meaning…” Wang Lin’s mind rumbled. All of these thoughts appeared in an instant and completely occupied his mind.

At this moment, he understood!

Inside his body, another wisp appeared next to his three ethereal essences. This wisp was the reincarnation essence he had comprehended!

“So it’s like this…” Wang Lin silently pondered as the large foot rumbled above his head. It was only 1,000 feet away now. However, at this moment, a strange sound forced its way in and echoed throughout the world.

It was the sound of wind!

It was the song of the Ancient clan! I was the first of the nine songs, and after it appeared, all nine songs followed. It was sky, earth, wind, thunder, cloud, rain, internal organs, body, and the final blood song!

The song echoed violently from the heavens, from Wang Lin’s body, and from the world.

The descending foot seemed to slow down under the nine songs. The wonderful feeling of this music was indescribable as it echoed across the world.

When all nine songs were playing, a sign appeared in the sky!

Golden sky, black earth!

The golden sky and black earth looked like an illusion, but they appeared clearly before Wang Lin. Gu Dao’s heart trembled when he saw this.

After the first sign, Wang Lin’s eyes revealed silver light. This light was endless, and it was the second sign!

The nine songs and three signs had appeared on Wang Lin’s body back on Mount Gu Dao. However, back then, they were incomplete - a sign and a song were missing!

In the Ancient Dao palace, they had appeared for the second time. The nine songs were there, but one of the three signs was still missing.

Now, at the center of the vast basin, on the side of the sea storm, and under Grand Empyrean Gu Dao’s One Dao World, the nine songs and three signs appeared for the third time!

However, this third time still only had the nine songs and was missing the third sign. It was as if something was missing, like one key part was needed!

Wang Lin raised his head. What he looked at was not the big foot that seemed to have stopped 1,000 feet from him. Instead, his gaze seem to penetrate the spell, and he looked at the void beyond the sky.

At this moment, his mind was clear and he seemed to have understood what he was missing.

“Void avatar, descend completely and fuse with me!” What he was missing was being born from the void and being recognized by the void like the Celestial Ancestor and the Ancient Ancestor.

In the void of the Immortal Astral Continent, which was filled with laws, there was a large stone. Inside the stone sat a figure that had been sitting there for hundreds of years, close to 1,000.

At this moment, he seemed to hear a call and opened his eyes. His eyes were shining brightly and he looked exactly the same as Wang Lin. He was Wang Lin’s avatar in the void.

When he opened his eyes, the stone he was in shattered in all directions like pieces of an egg shell. The figure stood up and took a step forward before disappearing without a trace.

On the Immortal Astral Continent, in the vast basin next to the sea storm, as Wang Lin’s voice echoed, a person walked out of the vortex in the sky.

This person took a third step. Gu Dao was shocked as he watched this person go to Wang Lin. Then their bodies overlapped and they fused.

The moment they fused, Wang Lin let out a roar at the sky. This roar was heaven-shattering, and the echo of the roar went through a strange change. It sounded like a baby was crying!

The sound of a baby crying echoed through the vast basin and entered the Ancient clan. As it spread to the three imperial capitals, a crack appeared on each of the three Ancient Ancestor statues.

It spread into the Celestial clan and a crack also appeared on the Celestial Ancestor statue in the ancestral city.

Endless energy erupted from the earth of the Ancient clan and turned into figure. This was the Ancient Ancestor! In the Celestial clan, endless energy erupted from the land and condensed into a second figure. It was the Celestial Ancestor.

There two figures could not be seen by ordinary people - only Grand Empyreans could feel them.

In the vast basin, a third figure suddenly appeared. This figure surpassed both the Celestial Ancestor and the Ancient Ancestor as it rose into the sky!

“Nine songs and three signs… The third sign is the baby’s cry…” Gu Dao muttered to himself.
