Chapter 2066

The sky, earth, wind, thunder, rain, cloud, internal organs, body, and blood songs echoed.

The three signs, golden sky and black earth, silver eyes, and the baby’s cry!

The nine songs and three signs had many legends on the Immortal Astral Continent. However, the root of almost all these legends was that when the nine songs and three signs appeared, the Celestial Ancestor or Ancient Ancestor would have an inheritor.

At this moment, in the celestial ancestral city and the Ancient clan’s three imperial cities, cracks appeared on the Celestial Ancestor statue and the Ancient Ancestor statues. At the center of the vast basin, Grand Empyrean Gu Dao personally witnessed the legend appear before him.

At this moment, the figure that had appeared above the Ancient clan stood there and let out a roar at the other giant figure that had appeared over in the celestial clan.

These two figures seemed to support the heavens, but in between them, a third figure appeared. The moment this figure appeared, a bright light filled the world.

This figure belonged to Wang Lin!

That figure was Wang Lin!

A third existence beside celestial and Ancient!

Wang Lin’s eyes were closed. When his avatar in the void fused with him, the fusion of celestial and ancient powers, which had only completed a single cycle in 100 years, suddenly accelerated. At this moment, it completed a cycle and created a power that would only appear when celestial and ancient powers fused.

Wang Lin vaguely gained an understanding that once his ethereal essences were complete, his celestial and ancient powers would fuse completely. From then on, there would no longer be celestial or ancient power in his body, just his own strength.

At that time, he would have enough strength to throw the karma net into reincarnation and find his true self.

He didn’t know how much time had passed; it felt like an eternity had gone by, or maybe only an instant. Wang Lin opened his eyes, and when he looked up, he saw the foot from Gu Dao’s spell. It seemed to have lost its power to bind him as it descended.

When it was hundreds of feet from Wang Lin, he let out a sigh. After fusing with his avatar in the void and causing the nine songs and three signs to appear, his cultivation level was beyond all existences on the Immortal Astral Continent.

Even if the Celestial Ancestor and Ancient Ancestor were here, he would be qualified to fight them.

From now on, on the Immortal Astral Continent, aside from the legends of the Celestial Ancestor and Ancient Ancestor, there would be Wang Lin’s footprints as well.

In Wang Lin’s view, Gu Dao’s current spell had just grasped the edge of the Heaven Trampling stage. He silently pondered, and when the giant foot was only 100 feet away, he pointed at it.

With this, the giant foot trembled and collapsed into countless pieces before Wang Lin. A powerful storm caused the fragments to dissipate from the world, dissipate before Grand Empyrean Gu Dao’s eyes.

Gu Dao silently pondered. His face became even older and a trace of fatigue and relief surfaced.

“I can’t stop you… But I hope that in 300 years, when the Immemorial God Realm opens, you will enter from the Ancient clan side…” Gu Dao looked at Wang Lin as he clasped his hands and bowed deeply.

Wang Lin silently pondered. He looked at Grand Empyrean Gu Dao and then nodded.

“Thank you…” Gu Dao opened his eyes, and when he did so, he returned to normal. Fog surrounded his body once more until it covered him completely. The fog churned and took him back toward the direction of the Ancient clan.

Wang Lin looked at where Gu Dao had gone until the fog and thunderous rumbles disappeared. He turned toward the sea storm and stepped toward it.

After passing through the storm, he would be at the edge of the celestial clan and would soon arrive at the celestial clan!

This battle ended when the two departed. In this battle, Gu Dao had lost, so the title of strongest on the Immortal Astral Continent no longer belonged to Gu Dau, but to… Wang Lin!

However, aside from the Grand Empyreans rushing over, no one else even knew it had happened.

On the 12th day after Wang Lin left, a total of seven rays of light arrived from both sides of the sea wall and revealed seven people.

These seven people were the seven Grand Empyreans of the Immortal Astral Continent!

They all knew each other, but even though they belonged to two different camps, they didn’t want to fight. Instead, they all spread out their divine senses to observe the area and silently pondered.

Ji Du and the others didn’t walk past the sea wall, nor did they take a step to enter the Ancient clan, but this didn’t affect their divine senses.

Xuan Luo closed his eyes. When his divine sense spread out, his body trembled. This battle must have been heaven-shattering. Even though it had ended, the changes in the laws still remained.

“The remains of this battle won’t disperse for hundreds of years…” Song Tian muttered to himself. He also felt the shocking power and fluctuations of law from the battle that had taken place here.

There was also the mysterious Ancient Ji Grand Empyrean. He wore a mask that hid his appearance, so one could only tell that he was a man. He stood there with shock in his eyes.

“Who was battling Grand Empyrean Gu Dao…? But no matter who it was, Grand Empyrean Gu Dao must have won!”

“Could it be… Wang Lin…” Xuan Luo opened his eyes. He was a bit uncertain.

Inside the sea wall, the four Grand Empyreans from the celestial clan all silently pondered. They withdrew their divine senses. They could not imagine what kind of battle had occurred here several days ago.

“I shouldn’t be him…” Dao Yi pondered.

“He battled against Gu Dao and leftbehind such a shocking battlefield. If I had witnessed this battle, it would’ve helped my cultivation greatly…” Ji Du also sighed. He had doubts about who had fought against Gu Dao. Was that person really… Wang Lin?

Wu Feng looked at the battlefield with a complicated expression. The laws of the world here had collapsed and were in complete chaos. It was impossible to get a clear look or gain anything.

In truth, the reason they had come here, aside from feeling the shocking change in the law here, was to personally witness the battle. However, it was obvious that doing so wouldn’t be possible.

As for Grand Empyrean Gemini, the two little girls had long fused into a beautiful woman. She remained silent, and even she had doubts about the person who had battled Gu Dao.

Time passed. The seven of them paused here for an incense stick of time. The seven of them looked at each other, which caused the atmosphere to become depressing and contain killing intent.

While all seven of them were pondering, Ji Du suddenly spoke. “Three fellow Ancient clan cultivators, this old man has a suggestion.”

After he spoke, Song Tian and the others coldy looked over.

“If we were to fight, there would be no conclusion in a short period of time. The four of us won’t step past this sea wall, so there is no need to fight.

“You all came with the intent of viewing the battle. However, the battle is already over and the laws here are in complete chaos. According to my calculations, the world here will collapse completely in a few days and become a dead zone.

“At that time, the rest of us will lose the chance to perceive the details of this battle. We will also lose the chance to view this battle.

“This old man has a spell, and I’m confident that with the seven of us working together, we can temporarily reverse time. Then our divine senses would be able to enter and we could personally witness the battle!

“I wonder, what do the three of you think of this?” Ji Du slowly asked.

After Ji Du finished speaking, Wu Feng pondered a bit and spoke as well. “This old man just wants to see that scene, I have no other intent. I can make a faith oath!”

“I can also make a vow!”

Dao Yi hesitated a bit as he looked at Ji Du and Wu Feng before nodding. As for Gemini, she pondered a bit and agreed.

Song Tian’s group looked at each other and, after pondering a bit, agreed as well. At their cultivation levels, their words were credible.

The three of them also had their own methods, so they were not afraid of Ji Du lying to them.

After half an incense stick of time, the seven of them were prepared. Ji Du took out a jade and let the other six look at it. They all formed seals and began the spell.

Seven rays of light shined and surrounded the battlefield. A moment later, a thunderous rumble echoed and the seven of them looked over.

They gradually saw two figures appear inside the light that covered the battlefield. One of them was Gu Dao, who was covered in fog, and the other person was also blurry, but the seven of them could recognize the aura.

“Wang Lin!!”

“It really was him!!!”

The seven of them were shocked, but what they saw after this made them all dumbfounded and filled with disbelief.

They saw Gu Dao’s spell and Wang Lin’s One Step to Trample the Heavens. Finally, they saw Wang Lin pointing forward, causing the giant foot to collapse, and Gu Dao quietly leaving...

Gu Dao’s appearance and what he had talked about with Wang Lin was not something the seven of them could hear or see. However, what they had seen already made the seven of them stop breathing...

Even after the scene ended, the seven of them silently pondered for a long time. They all knew that the Immortal Astral Continent was different now!

The strongest person on the Immortal Astral Continent was no longer Gu Dao, but Wang Lin!

Dao Yi’s heart trembled. He was a Grand Empyrean, but he felt fear. Wang Lin’s strength made him feel disbelief, but even more so, he felt fear.

“Was it him…” In Ji Du’s mind, the gaze that seemed to have descended from the sky 100 years ago when the 72 souls all begged toward the sky resurfaced.
