Chapter 2067

While Ji Du and the others were using the secret spell to watch the battle, Wang Lin arrived at the celestial clan. In the Northern Continent, he looked at the slightly familiar land and felt emotional.

“Hundreds of years ago, I left this place and headed toward the Ancient clan… Now I’ve returned.” Wang Lin let out a sigh and his gaze swept the land. His divine sense spread out toward the 72 continents, and a moment later, his divine sense covered the entire celestial clan’s 72 continents.

As his divine sense spread out, a smile gradually appeared on his face. With his previous cultivation level, he could not use this method to find his old friends.

However, now, as the strongest person on the Immortal Astral Continent, he could.

“Zhou Yi and Qing Shuang’s cultivation levels have risen… I wonder if they kept that pill or not…” Wang Lin’s divine sense swept by but didn’t stop.

Wang Lin’s smile widened as if he had seen something.“This is… Situ…

“He should be Master Hong Shan… After reincarnation, he is still the same.

“Zhou Ru… This child didn’t walk down the path of cultivation. I don’t know how many times she has reincarnated over these past hundreds of years…” Wang Lin looked into the distance with a gentle gaze.

“Thirteen… He was always excellent, and now his cultivation is extraordinary. From the looks of it, he is already very fast…

“Big Head, the pitiful person from the cave world who used his ruthlessness to cover up his fragile heart. Here, he is still the same…

“This is… Shengong Hu? He became the sect master of a sect!” Wang Lin was a little shocked.

“Is she Red Butterfly… That mark can’t be wrong…

“Qing Lin… He also chose not to cultivate and reincarnated several times like a mortal…

“Senior Brother Qing Shui… Eh?” Wang Lin’s gaze became sharp and he carefully looked toward the west. He felt like that was where Qing Shui was, but the mark on his body was extremely faint. If not for the fact that Wang Lin’s cultivation level was far higher than before, he would not have been able to detect it.

“If the mark on Senior Brother Qing Shui was completely gone, then even with my divine sense sweeping everyone, I wouldn’t be able to find him… Fortunately, a trace of his mark still exists.”

Wang Lin murmured as his divine sense continued to search the 72 continents of the celestial clan. He had done the same thing in the Ancient clan, but he had found no trace of any of his friends.

In his heart, there was a shadow that made him feel very complicated. This shadow as a woman called Li Qianmei.

“Nothing…” Wang Lin’s divine sense swept across the 72 continents one by one. He had found almost everyone except for one… her.

“Still nothing…” Wang Lin couldn’t remember how many times he had searched. He searched again and again, but he could not find any trace of Li Qianmei.

Just like when he had searched in the Ancient clan, he couldn’t find her...

“How could there be no trace?” Wang Lin could not be calm, and his divine sense erupted. Not only did he cover the celestial clan, but with his current cultivation level, he covered the vast basin and the Ancient clan as well.

He searched again and again, his divine sense swept out again and again, but he found no trace of Li Qianmei.

Wang Lin’s face turned place. He could not find her.

“Could it be that during reincarnation… There was an accident…” Wang Lin felt a sting in his heart. He could not forget the woman called Li Qianmei, her face and soft eyes.

She had come to the Immortal Astral Continent for him. She had left her father and came to reincarnate here all lone. Silently waiting for the man she loved to find her and release her memory.

“Impossible!” Wang Lin’s divine sense spread out once more for a whole day. His divine sense had swept across almost every inch of the Immortal Astral Continent, but in the end… he still found nothing.

Wang Lin pressed against his chest and felt pain. He looked at the sky and suddenly laughed. However, this laughter was filled with anger, anger at the heavens!

“You let me find Li Muwan’s soul but made me lose Li Qianmei. Is this the so-called fate!!? Is this the heavens making a fool of me!?!

“I don’t believe it, I’ll still be able to find her!” Wang Lin roared at this sky, and his roar echoed across the world.

“With Teacher’s help, the chance of an accident was very low. Since I can’t find her, the most likely chance is that she recovered her memory earlier than Senior Brother Qing Shui and the mark disappeared…” Wang Lin closed his eyes, and after analysing the situation, he was almost certain of it.

With his eyes closed, he could vaguely see a woman in white looking up at the sky with tears flowing down from her eyes.

She had long remembered her previous life but was avoiding him… Or perhaps she didn’t want to see Wang Lin.

The sky gradually darkened as Wang Lin stood in the air and opened his eyes. His eyes revealed a trace of sadness and confusion. He silently pondered as he walked forward and disappeared into the darkness.

Celestial clan, Western Continent’s Yun Tao Continent.

In the northern part of this continent, there was a sect. This sect was not large; it could only be considered a small sect in the Yun Tao Continent. This morning, there were many disciples cultivating in the sect. In the secret chamber in the back mountain of the sect sat a middle-aged man.

This man was filled with determination and a sense of coldness. He was dressed in black and his eyes were closed as he cultivated. Ripples were spreading from his body, shrouding his surroundings. This revealed the man’s cultivation level to be at the peak of the second step and only one step away from the third step.

As the person with the fastest cultivation in the last 1,000 years in the Golden Furnace Sect, he was very famous. He had high status in the sect and was being personally taught by the head elder.

Not only was his cultivation level high, he was very decisive and ruthless. He even had a reputation in the Yun Tao Continent and had killed someone who had just entered the third step, causing his name to be known by many other sects.

In particular, this battle was even more decisive than that of some third step cultivators. Anyone who fought him would die by his hands nine out of ten times.

This slaughter made him number one among the younger generation, but even some ordinary elders were shocked by his killing intent.

His name was Wang Shi, “shi” as in “stone.”

He was an orphan and didn’t know who his parents were. He had been picked up by an old daoist and grew up in the sect. He only knew that when he cultivated, he would often see the back of a figure. This back was very large and made him feel warm, but no matter what, he could not see the appearance of this figure.

At the beginning, even the back of this figure was blurry, and as his cultivation level increased, the back of this figure gradually became more clear. He felt that if he could reach the third step, he would clearly see this figure.

This was the reason why he cultivated like crazy!

“Wang Shi!” As he cultivated, a voice came from outside the secret chamber. Then a ray of light flew before him and turned into the illusory figure of an old man.

The man opened his eyes. He looked at the old man respectfully, then he got up and bowed.

“Greetings, Head Elder.”

“You are still not willing to call me ‘teacher…’” The illusory figure frowned. This disciple was very strange. He wanted to accept this person as his disciple, but Wang Shi remained silent and wouldn’t agree. This made him unhappy, but as time passed, this man’s cultivation speed caught his attention once more. He ignored the fact that this person wouldn’t accept him as his teacher and taught him his personal spells.

Now, many years had passed, and there was a relationship of teacher and disciple between them. However, even now, Wang Shi never called him “teacher.”

Wang Shi also didn’t know the reason, but he always felt like the person before him was not his teacher. As for who it should be, he was confused.

“Forget it. Prepare a bit and head down the mountain in three days. Go to the Dao Yun Sect for me to send the congratulatory gift.” The illusory figure shook his head and disappeared.

Wang Shi respectfully nodded. After the figure disappeared, his eyes were filled with confusion, and after a long time, he let out a sigh. After he sat back down to cultivate again, a sigh came from behind him.

This sigh came too suddenly and made Wang Shi tremble, but he didn’t recklessly turn around. He knew that for this person to come here without him or his teacher knowing, then this person’s cultivation level had to be very high.

Wang Shi gravely said, “Who are you, Sir?”

“Tell me why your name is ‘Wang Shi.’ Who gave you this name?” A soft voice came from behind Wang Shi. When this name entered Wang Shi’s ears, he felt his heart tremble. It was very familiar, and it felt like some memories were going to awaken. He could not help but become confused. He subconsciously answered,

“I… I’m an orphan and I named myself… I felt that I should be named ‘Wang…’”

Silence came from behind him. Wang Shi’s eyes shined and he took this chance to turn around. He saw behind him a young man in white with white hair looking at him with a gentle gaze. This was the gaze of an elder looking at their junior.

When he saw the person’s appearance, Wang Shi’s body trembled and his heart went into chaos. The back of the figure in his dream appeared and gradually overlapped with this person.

“You… You…” The confusion in his eyes became even stronger.

Wang Lin let out a sigh and pointed at Wang Shi’s forehead. With this, Wang Shi’s heart trembled violently and, with a bang, his memory was suddenly restored!

“Tea… Teacher!! Thirteen greets Teacher!!” Tears flowed down from the man’s eyes as he knelt without hesitation toward Wang Lin. His face was filled with excitement.
