Chapter 2068

In the northeastern part of the Lofty Mountain Continent, there was a mountain range. Not far from the official road, there was a paradise-like village.

There weren’t many people in the village, only a few hundred. Most of them were hunters, and they relied on the dense forest filled with beasts for a living. This was originally not a village - it used to just be a desolate land where hunters rested.

It was unknown how long ago, but the family of an official had come here, escaping from the city, and settled down here. As time slowly passed, the village formed like this.

At the western end of the village, there was a house surrounded by fences. There was a teenage girl wearing patched linen clothes feeding the poultry.

Smoke was coming from the chimney. It was early morning and it was clear that breakfast was being prepared inside the house.

As the girl fed the poultry, she laughed and spoke toward the house. “Mom, I had another dream light night. I dreamt that I became a celestial again.”

“You child, you’re so big already and still fantasize about becoming a celestial. When I was as old as you, I was already married to your father.” A gentle voice came from the house.

“Is that because my father is the most powerful hunter in the village? I heard that a lot of people wanted to date father at the time.” The girl smiled. She was very cute. Her appearance was not particularly beautiful, but she gave off a pure and lovely temperament.

“Who did you hear this from?” A woman walked out. She was wearing simple clothes, but this could not hide her beauty. Her eyes widened as she pretended to be angry and held a pot of vegetables.

The girl was going to speak when a hearty laughter came from the gate.

“It was me who said it.” The gate was pushed open and a powerful middle-aged man walked in. He was carrying a bow and arrows, along with a small beast. However, there was dried blood on his leg. It was unknown if it belonged to the small beast or him.

“Father!” The girl was surprised and immediately threw dustpan and ran up.

“Wow, it's a leopard. Its skin is so beautiful. This is great.” The girl’s eyes seemed to light up and she leaped happily.

“How come you were gone for so long this time? Normally, you return after two or three days.” The woman quickly walked up and helped the middle-aged man put down the beast and bow and arrows.

“The little girl said that she wanted some good leather. On the way, I encountered this leopard, and it delayed me a bit,” the man said as he rubbed the girl’s head.

“What happened to your leg?” The woman immediately saw the blood on the man’s leg. She quickly knelt down to take a look and saw a shallow scratch.

“No problem. With Little White around, the beasts in the mountain can’t hurt me.” The man laughed as a shadow sprang through the gate and pounced on the girl. It licked the girl nonstop. It was a big black dog.

However, it looked more like a tiger, which made for a shocking sight.

“Little White was learning how to roar like a tiger in the mountains again. I’m really confused - is he a tiger or a dog…” The man looked at the dog and smiled bitterly.

“Little White is good, so obedient.” The girl pushed the big black dog aside and stroked the dog’s hair.

The dog seemed to enjoy it a lot. It lied on its back, exposing its belly. The girl laughed and began rubbing the dog’s belly. The dog looked very comfortable and let out growls like a real tiger.

The entire family was laughing and couldn’t detect the figure in white floating in the sky. Wang Lin looked down at the happy family, and when he saw the girl’s smiling face, he also smiled.

“Little White… I almost forgot that he was brought here and also reincarnated. I just didn’t expect… for him to reincarnate into a big dog… And from the looks of it, he has gained intelligence and has pretty good cultivation.” Wang Lin smiled as the big dog laid on the ground enjoying himself. However, when he looked up at the sky, he actually saw Wang Lin’s figure and was startled.

His expression was instantly filled with fear. The big dog blinked and even stopped making the growling sound.

Wang Lin looked at the dog, and when he saw the fear in the dog’s eyes, his smile widened. “Oh? You recognize me?”

However, the family didn’t notice the strangeness in the dog’s behavior. The young girl was looked at her father and affectionately said,

“Father, I dreamed about being a celestial again last night.”

“Good, being a celestial is good. My little girl will definitely become a celestial.” The man laughed.

“I don’t want to become a celestial. I feel like I spent a lifetime as a celestial, but I was not happy at all. Right now is much better. It was just a dream, I don’t want to become a celestial.

“I’ll be with Father and Mother for the rest of my life.” The girl’s words were very serious.

Her words startled Wang Lin, and he revealed a complicated expression. He looked at the girl’s happy smile and then at the calm mountain village. After a long time, Wang Lin took another profound gaze before he disappeared into the sky.

“Perhaps this is the life she wanted…”

That night, she had a dream once more. In the dream, she had a different name - Zhou Ru. She also had a black figure with her named Little White. She always bullied this figure and made it do handstands...

She also had an uncle, and that uncle was her closest relative.

In the dream, her uncle had asked her if she wanted to leave with him. She silently pondered for a long time and then told this uncle, who she felt was very close to her, that she wanted to stay here...

That night, the dog also had a dream in which he became a tiger and was extremely fierce, doing anything he wished. He was surrounded by many female tigers and female beasts… It was very enjoyable.

He also dreamed that a man in white had appeared before him. He knew this man, it was the despicable man who had captured him back then. This person gave him some delicious pills and then patted his head before leaving.

“One day, when Zhou Ru wants to pursue her own dream, you can unseal her memory…” The man left and his words echoed inside the dog’s mind for a long time.

The celestial clan’s Central Continent. The ancestral city was simply too large, so one could see both the sun and moon appear in the city. At this moment, it was night at the imperial palace, but it was not dark because of the many lights in the palace.

The entire palace was silent.

A lonely figure walked out from the darkness and looked at the palace below. The figure stood there for a long time before descending. The light in the palace became hazy as the figure descended. It was as if another space was overlapping.

It wasn’t until the person stepped onto the square of the palace that the lights returned to normal.

Wang Lin looked at this place. Back then, he had almost died here and couldn’t leave with the madman. He could only watch as the madman entered eternal slumber and became a mountain to suppress the 72 continents.

“When I left, I vowed that once I came back again, I was going to awaken the madman! No one can stop me again!” Wang Lin murmured as he stomped on the ground.

With this step, the ground of the entire palace trembled without anyone noticing. What trembled was not the real palace, but the overlapping space.

Wang Lin’s surroundings became blurry and his figure flickered before he disappeared. When he reappeared, he was inside the underground palace!

The entire underground palace was in a haze and was mostly the same compared to before. The only difference was that only one mountain remained.

This mountain pierced into the sky and was very large. Standing outside mountain, Wang Lin felt the sleeping madman inside it.

There were countless restrictions and seals inside and outside the mountain. Even a Grand Empyrean would need a lot of time to break them.

Wang Lin raised his right hand and waved at the mountain. The mountain rumbled and collapsed at a rapid rate. Large amounts of rocks fell off, and in the blink of an eye, all the restrictions and seals disappeared with a wave of Wang Lin’s hand.

As the mountain collapsed, the madman’s body appeared. He was quietly lying there with his eyes closed. He was sleeping. There were fluctuations of Grand Empyrean cultivation coming from his body.

Wang Lin walked forward and arrived beside the madman. He looked at the madman and pointed at the madman’s forehead. With this, the madman’s body suddenly trembled.

Wang Lin closed his eyes and his divine sense spread out through his finger, entering the madman’s body to awaken him.

In a flash, half an hour passed. Wang Lin opened his eyes, revealing a complicated expression as he looked at the madman, and said,

“If you really choose this, then I respect your choice… You… take care.” Wang Lin stood up with a sigh and walked toward the sky, disappearing from the underground palace.

After Wang Lin left, the madman opened his eyes and looked at where Wang Lin had stood for a long time.

“I have been confused for a lifetime… I was crazy for a lifetime… But I’m still a descendant of the Celestial Ancestor… Now that Lian Daozhen is dead, if I leave, the celestial clan will have… no emperor.

“I want to leave this place, leave the Immortal Astral Continent, but since I have the Celestial Ancestor’s inheritance, I must have the backbone to bear it… This is my responsibility.

“I came to an understanding during my slumber.” The madman stood up, revealing a rare trace of determination as he bitterly muttered to himself.

“Guard the celestial clan so the generations can continue. When I feel that I no longer have to continue my responsibilities, I’ll come and find you Wang Lin…” The madman stood up. He was wearing the royal robe and crown. He no longer had any hint of the madness he had in the past, but gave off the aura of authority that was befitting of the Celestial Emperor.
