Chapter 2070

Deep into the night, the torchers flickered and teams of soldiers patrolled the barracks. The entire camp looked like a heavily armored city and also gave off a sense of order.

Outside the camp, there was no longer any music. It was completely calm.

Lights were extinguished in most of the tents. Only a few remained, and the figures inside could be seen. In particular, the light in the general’s tent was bright and there were many guards around the tent.

The old general, Si Nan, was standing next to a map and frowning. There was only him here, and it was very quiet, with only the sound of the candle burning.

“King Nan… Hmph, such a person is not worthy of being called ‘King Nan!’” The old general looked at the map and coldly snorted. For some unknown reason, he had a strange feeling toward the name “King Nan.”

It was as if no one in the world was qualified to be called “King Nan!”

“Oh? Then who deserve to be called ‘King Nan?’” A teasing voice came from behind the old general.

The old general’s body trembled, but he soon recovered to normal. He turned around to see a white-clothed and white-haired youth standing not far away, staring at him with a smile.

“Before this old man becomes a king, no one is qualified to be called ‘King Nan.’” The old general didn’t panic at all as he calmly sat there.

“Sit.” The old general pointed ahead.

Wang Lin looked at him and let out a sigh of admiration. It was extremely rare for someone to remain so calm when a stranger suddenly appeared.

In particular, this calmness was not fake, but true calmness.

Wang Lin faintly smiled and sat opposite of the old general.

“Do you have wine?” Wang Lin laughed.

“How can there be no wine in an army?” The old general laughed and shouted a command to the people outside.

“Someone, bring wine!”

A respectful reply came from outside and then a few soldiers came in. Upon seeing Wang Lin, they were all startled, especially the guards outside. Their expressions changed drastically.

They hadn’t seen anyone entering!

The old general’s expression remained the same as he waved his hand and said, “Put down the wine and leave!”

The guard silently put down a few jugs of wine beside Wang Lin and the old general before they all retreated.

“General Si Nan has such strong composure.” Wang Lin picked up a jug of wine and took a big gulp.

“For Sir to silently come here, that means even if the soldiers came, they wouldn’t be able to stop you, so what’s the point?” the old general said as he picked up a jug of wine, broke the seal, and drank a lot.

The smile on Wang Lin’s face became even wider. He was truly happy. It could be said that ever since coming to the Immortal Astral Continent, occasions where he felt this happy had been rare. This was different from finding Li Muwan’s soul or being with Xuan Luo. This was the indescribable feeling of meeting an old friend.

This kind of feeling made him feel very relaxed and very happy.

Figures flashed outside the tent and footsteps echoed. In just a few words, countless soldiers surrounded the tent and all the generals were here. They all looked like they were going to face a powerful enemy, but none of them dared to enter; they could only surround the tent.

They were all nervous, but their killing intent didn’t decrease a bit - it all condensed together. This caused the countless torches in the barracks to become dim.

Time passed, and in a flash, it was about to be dawn. The soldiers had been outside for almost the whole night. If not for the laughter coming from inside, they would have rushed inside.

However, the laughter just made them even more confused.

“Interesting. Sir Wang has been to so many places. This old man has heard about the Mountain Se, but it is too far away. As a mortal, I can’t go there.” The old general put down an empty jug and picked up another one.

“If you want, you can.” Wang Lin drank the spicy wine as he looked at his old friend and smiled.

“Oh? Sir Wang should be a cultivator.” The old general’s eyes lit up.

Wang Lin nodded but didn’t speak. He continued to drink wine.

Time flowed once more until dawn. The darkness faded and the sun gradually rose into the sky. Wang Lin and the old general had been drinking wine for the whole night. Wang Lin talked alot about his experiences on the Immortal Astral Continent. He talked about the Heavenly Bull Continent, the Green Devil Continent, and the ancestral city. He even talked about everything that had happened in the Ancient clan.

When he said how he gad found Li Muwan’s soul fragments, tears fell, and when he talked about how he had killed the Ancient Dao Emperor and traded a life for his teacher’s grace, his expression became dim.

He talked about everything, until the point he left the Ancient clan and returned to the celestial clan.

The old general listened to all of this. He could not imagine what kind of identity this person had. If what this person had said was true, then this person must have a shocking identity in the celestial clan!

However, why had this person appeared in his tent in the middle of the night to drink and talk with him… In the old general’s mind, this person before him was slowly becoming familiar. It was as if sense of familiarity was hidden inside the depths of his memories and was being revealed now.

When he saw Wang Lin’s tears and sadness, he also felt it. It was as if he had personally witnessed the story between Wang Lin and Li Muwan.

“I can’t find Li Qianmei… Situ, I looked for a long time, but I could not find her…” Wang Lin murmured as he bitterly drank wine. There were some things he could not talk about with others, but he could with Situ.

“‘Situ…’ Who is that…” The old general revealed a complicated expression when he heard this name. He had heard Wang Lin say this name a lot.

Wang Lin put down an empty wine jug and picked up another. Throughout the night, they had asked people to bring in wine several times.

“I have a good friend called Situ…” Wang Lin muttered as he looked at the old general.

The old general was filled with confusion as he looked at Wang Lin and said, “To become your good friend, this person named Situ must also be a cultivator.”

Wang Lin revealed a smile as he softly said, “He is a cultivation, a… cultivator that wants to become a king. If you want to hear his story, then you have to start from a place called Suzaku and a rank three cultivation country called Zhao…”

Wang Lin’s voice echoed inside the tent. The old general listened and the confusion in his eyes increased.

Time passed. When morning arrived and the sun shined brightly outside, Wang Lin’s voice was still going.

“Li Qianmei, Situ Nan, Qing Shui… They have all been reincarnated in the Immortal Astral Continent. I left my mark on them, and that is the only way to find them.” Wang Lin took a sip of wine as he looked at the old general and smiled.

The old general silently pondered. His body trembled, and after a long time, he suddenly opened his eyes.

“I’m Situ Nan?” He stared at Wang Lin and his voice was hesitant.

Wang Lin looked at the old general and slowly nodded.

“You’re Situ Nan, I’m Wang Lin…”

“Wang Lin…” the old general muttered, and after a long time, he began to laugh. As he laughed, tears flowed out. He normally wouldn’t believe this, but the feeling of familiarity coming from his soul and everything he had heard about the cave world made it impossible for him not to believe it.

He didn’t believe a celestial cultivator would come deceive a mortal like him!

“So I have already reincarnated many times on the Immortal Astral Continent, and this time I’m Si Nan, Wu Xuan Country’s great general…” The old general laughed even more as his tears continued to flow. He believed all of this, but it was also this belief that made it difficult to accept.

“Out of the 500,000 soldiers outside, many have been following me since their grandfathers’ generation. Their grandfathers died and then their fathers followed me. Even many of their fathers have died, but they continue to follow me.

“Now you tell me I’m Situ Nan. I’m Situ Nan, who wanted to become a king. If I’m not Wu Xuan’s Si Nan, then what are all those soldiers going to do?!” Due to the old general’s voice, the curtain was opened and the soldiers rushed in. However, one shout from the old general drove them all out again.

“Reincarnation… Reincarnation… One reincarnation has so many restrictions. I have reincarnated several times…” The old general was sitting on his seat as he looked at Wang Lin with a complicated expression, and his laughter turned bitter.

“I’m sorry… This was my own choice back them. I chose to reincarnate on the Immortal Astral Continent, and that has nothing to do with you.”

Wang Lin silently pondered as he continued to drink wine.

“Help me unseal the memories of my previous life!” The old general continued to drink until he emptied three jugs. His eyes were bloodshot and he looked drunk as he stared at Wang Lin.

When late night came again, Wang Lin left the camp with a complicated expression. He floated in the air and looked back at the camp proudly. When he looked back, the old general opened the curtains and looked up at him.

“Wang Lin, once this old man completes this reincarnation with no regrets and becomes King Nan, I’ll go and find you!” the old general said. His voice was filled with arrogance and vigor.

Wang Lin revealed a smile and began to laugh. His laughter became louder and louder.

“Situ, once you have been a king for long enough, we will drink again!” Wang Lin turned into a ray of light and disappeared into the world.

“Boys, organize the army. First bring that damn fellow King Nan over. This old man has been unhappy with him for a long time. He dares to call himself ‘King Nan!!’

“This old man has thought it through, I’m going to be King Nan!” The old general seemed to become a lot younger and laughed.
