Chapter 2073

Wang Lin found all the old friends beside Li Qianmei and Qing Shui. He either released their memories or allowed them to choose to forget. Wang Lin had nothing to tie him to the Immortal Astral Continent anymore.

Before going to the Heavenly Bull Continent, he went to see Zhou Yi and Qing Shuang once more. From far away, he saw Zhou Yi’s happy smile. Wang Lin smiled as well; he felt happy for Zhou Yi.

The thousands of years of bitter love was now complete. When Wang Lin saw this, he took out a jug of wine and drank a big mouthful. This was wine he had gotten from Situ Nan and was a substitute for Zhou Yi and Qing Shuang’s wedding wine.

He also went to the ancestral city, and there he saw Hai Zi. However, he only looked from a distance and left.

The Heavenly Bull Continent, the place he first appeared in when he came out of the cave world. After so many years, he was now back again. He walked on this familiar continent, passing by the Great Soul Sect and the Gui Yi Sect.

The familiar scenes made him remember the past. At the center of the Heavenly Bull Continent, where the mountain range extend endlessly, Wang Lin silently looked at the earth below.

Wang Lin looked at the earth below and slowly said, “Heavenly Bull, back then, your soul armor helped me through through several crises… I, Wang Lin, always repay those that help me. Today, I’ll release the Celestial Ancestor’s soul and let you regain your freedom!

“But your body has already become the earth and can’t be recovered. I’ll release the soul on your seal and let it form an origin soul so you can leave the Immortal Astral Continent. Are you willing?”

His voice was not loud and didn’t spread in all directions, but as his words echoed, the earth began to tremble. Thunderous rumbles echoed as an earth aura rushed out and a giant shadow appeared above the mountain range.

The shadow was a Heavenly Bull, and its body was very large. It looked like it could support the world. Wang Lin looked extremely small before it, but the huge Heavenly Bull revealed a respectful expression as it knelt before Wang Lin.

“Thanks… I’m willing…” A buzzing sound echoed, and it was filled with excitement and longing. It had been sealed for far too long and made the Heavenly Bull filled with endless gratitude toward Wang Lin.

“No need to thank me. You helped me before, and I’m merely repaying you.” Wang Lin looked at the Heavenly Bull and pointed at it. The Heavenly bull trembled and revealed a painful expression. A large amount of runes appeared around his body and the lines of the runes seemed to take root in the Heavenly Bull’s body. The lines of the runes all connected to form a heart-like object.

It was constantly beating.

This was the core of the seal of the Heavenly Bull.

Looking at the heart-like object made of lines, Wang Lin pointed at it. All the runes around the Heavenly Bull collapsed. After they collapsed, the heart-like object inside the Heavenly Bull suddenly shrank.

A moment later, when it was only the size of a fingernail, it turned into a ray of ghostly light and flew out of the Heavenly Bull. It landed in Wang Lin’s hand and he crushed it.

The Heavenly Bull’s soul let out a roar at the sky and then it turned into ripples that echoed across the sky. Its soul shot into the sky, and when it was at the edge of the world, it turned around. It knelt toward Wang Lin once more and then disappeared like a meteor.

After the Heavenly Bull’s soul left, the Heavenly Bull Continent seemed different, but this was really difficult to detect. Wang Lin looked at where the Heavenly Bull had disappeared and walked toward the Seven Dao Sect.

Seven Dao Sect, the location of the cave world.

The mountain was surrounded by fog, making it so one couldn’t see too far. It was completely deserted, and no one had been there in a long time. However, there was a figure below the mountain, looking up.

This was a middle-aged man in blue. He was looking at the fog and could vaguely see the ruins behind it.

The man revealed a complicated expression and muttered to himself, “Seven Dao Sect…”

“I have finally arrived here…” The middle-aged man bitterly shook his head and walked up the broken road. He walked very slowly, as if he wanted to remember every blade of grass and tree.

After he penetrated the fog and arrived at the top of the mountain, he saw the Seven Dao Sect’s pavilions. The man’s eyes were filled with confusion.

He looked at everything before him for a long time before he let out a sigh. He walked through the broken sect until he arrived at the huge stone door in the back mountain. The door was connected to the mountain and was completely sealed. There was moss growing on it, creating the smell of decay.

The middle-aged man closed his eyes before the stone gate.

When he opened his eyes again, he looked at the door and bitterly muttered to himself, “The cave world’s gate…

“Behind the gate is the cave world… I reincarnated from there.” The man sighed. After regaining his memories of his previous life, he left his sect. He followed a feeling he had to arrive here.

He arrived at the Seven Dao Sect, before the gate to the cave world.

His body trembled slightly as he closed in on the gate and gently touched it. After a long time, he revealed a determined gaze and turned around to leave.

But just as he turned, he suddenly stopped. Behind him, he saw a smiling Wang Lin in white.

Wang Lin whispered, “Senior Brother…”

“Wang Lin…” The middle-aged man was Qing Shui! After he recovered his memories, the mark on him had become very faint. If more time passed, it would dissipate completely.

Qing Shui looked at Wang Lin and began to laugh. His laughter became louder and louder as joy filled his heart. He walked up to hug Wang Lin, and Wang Lin laughed as well.

They sat down before the gate and Wang Lin took out wine to drink with Qing Shui.

They forgot about the passage of time. They drank as they talked about each other’s experiences. They smiled but also shed tears. This pair of apprentice brothers from the cave world reunited at the cave world.

When Wang Lin brought up the matter with Red Butterfly, Qing Shui was startled. He bitterly drank a large mouthful of wine.

“The matters of the past, if they’re forgotten, then let them be forgotten. Since coming to the Immortal Astral Continent, everyone can make their own decision. However, my choice is to not forget!

“Perhaps there is a method for me to revive Han Yan here, there must be!” Qing Shui muttered to himself.

Not even Wang Lin could revive someone who had been dead for so long and whose soul no longer even existed. However, Wang Lin didn’t tell Qing Shui this. If there was not even hope, then perhaps only despair remained.

When the early morning sun penetrated through the fog, Qing Shui left. Since he had chosen not to forget, then he naturally didn’t want to return to the cave world. He just wanted to come see the Seven Dao Sect, where the cave world was.

Now that he had fulfilled his wish and met Wang Lin, he was full of joy. Next, he was going to pursue his dream. Even if it took him a lifetime, even if it took many reincarnation cycles, he would still persist.

Wang Lin watched Qing Shui walk into the distance and disappear. He then stood before the gate and revealed a complicated expression.

Out of all the old friends, only Thirteen had chosen to follow Wang Lin back into the cave world. For Thirteen, following his teacher was the only thing he wanted.

The others had their own responsibilities. Many of them had chosen to forget their previous lives and start anew.

Wang Lin opened the gate to the cave world. When the gate opened, a powerful light shined, and he disappeared into the light.

The gate closed once more.

The Seven Dao Sect was still surrounded by fog. It was a ruin that no one cared about.

Cave world.

The barrier between the Inner and Outer Realms was very strong. In these hundreds of years, the Outer Realm had launched a shocking attack but didn’t have the power to break in.

Wang Lin’s name had already become a legend in the cave world, an unreal existence. Many people remembered him, but even more people had forgotten him.

Even the cultivators of the Inner Realm were the same. Only the statue on planet Suzaku, a holy land, remained, and his legends would occasionally be brought up.

Aside from this place, there was another place where the story of Wang Lin continued. That was the New Celestial Realm!

A large amount of cultivators had migrated from the four major star systems to the New Celestial Realm created by Wang Lin. Most were cultivators who had survived the war against the Outer Realm. Many of them had seen Wang Lin, and some had even seen Wang Lin battle in the war.

Mu Bingmei hadn’t left; she had chosen to stay in the cave world, stay in the New Celestial Realm. She was waiting for a certain someone to return one day.

Dao Master Blue Dream also hadn’t left. As the strongest person of the New Celestial Realm, he remained to protect it. There were people like Master South Cloud, who had also chosen not to leave.

However, at this moment, the New Celestial Realm was very gloomy. It was as if a dark cloud was looming over them, making the cultivators of the New Celestial Realm remain silent.

Dao Master Blue Dream was seriously injured

Master South Cloud’s body had collapsed, only his origin soul remained.

The sky of the Celestial Realm was blood red and there were flashes of shadows revealing ferocious expressions. It was as if there was a large amount of ghosts inside the blood color.

“Teacher gave you all five days to choose. Now three days have passed and only two days remain. I hope you all will choose wisely and join my Scarlet Soul Sect. Otherwise… die!” In the blood red sky, there was a young man dressed in a red robe. He spoke gloomily to the many cultivators below.

“As for you, Mu Bingmei, you only have two days left. In two days, once the formation around the New Celestial Realm is broken, either you become my dao partner or I’ll slaughter planet Suzaku and destroy that whatever person named Lin’s statue!”
