Chapter 2074

Master South Cloud only had his origin soul left as he stared at the young man in the blood light. As he listened to the young man talk, he let out a laugh filled with sorrow.

“Two days. Ever since the Celestial Realm was created by Wang Lin, all the people that have lived here were survivors of the war against the Outer Realm. There is a saying in the Inner Realm, have you heard it?” Master South Cloud roared, and all the cultivators suddenly looked up.

“Cultivators like us never shrink from a fight!!”

The voices of the cultivators formed a sound wave and blasted into the air. It blew away some of the blood light, revealing tens of thousands of blood-robed figures.

Behind those figures was a dense blood mist. The blood mist seemed to churn, and a person was sitting inside.

“Old fellow, you’re courting death! When the formation is broken in two days, this young lord will ask Teacher to give me your origin soul. I want to experience what the origin soul of a third step cultivator taste like.” The young man’s expression changed and there was a flash of killing intent in his eyes.

Master South Cloud roared, “What is there to fear about death!?”

“The creator of the Celestial Realm, Wang Lin, will come back one day. When he comes back, I want to see how a mere Scarlet Soul Sect and Master Scarlet Soul will resist!”

Beside Master South Cloud sat Dao Master Blue Dream. His face was pale and he was cultivating to recover.

“Wang Lin? Fortunately, that person is gone; otherwise, he would be a mere ant before Teacher! The formation around the Celestial Realm was set by Wang Lin, but it’s going to be broken by Teacher anyways. If not for the fact that Teacher wants the Celestial Realm to remain whole, Teacher would have crushed the entire place already.”

The youth sneered. This was just a shadow, not his body. As he laughed, his figure disappeared into the blood light.

The formation Wang Lin had set up around the Celestial Realm was covered in blood light, which was corroding the formation. Most of it was already broken, and it would only be two more days before it was completely broken.

Tens of thousands of blood-colored figures were floating like puppets outside the Celestial Realm. They released large amounts of red mist that entered the blood colored light.

Behind these figures, there was a large cloud of blood-colored mist, and sitting inside the mist was an old man in a red robe. Even his hair was red.

His hands were forming seals, constantly sending out runes to make the formation around the Celestial Realm break even faster.

“This Wang Lin indeed had some skills. The restrictions he set will take me a few days to break. This restriction is also bizarre and contains a trace of a terrifying aura. I feel like there would be a shocking change if I used my full force to break it.

“However, as long as I don’t break it by force and invade with the blood mist instead, it will be safe. Fortunately, there isn’t a lot of this aura; otherwise, it would be even more difficult to break the formation!” The red-haired old man was Master Scarlet Soul!

Back then, when Wang Lin had faced the Sovereign’s life or death trap, Wang Lin had released a soul sealed by Ye Mo. The soul had broken free from the trap and escaped.

Now he had recovered his cultivation and obtained a body. After Wang Lin had been gone for many years, he created the Scarlet Soul Sect. He had used his powerful cultivation to seriously injure Dao Master Blue Dream, then he destroyed Master South Cloud’s body.

He stared at the earth of the Celestial Realm and revealed a cruel expression.

“Almost all the powerful people of the Inner Realm are concentrated here at the Celestial Realm. Before my cultivation recovered, I wasn’t confident in breaking the formation, but now the formation will break in two days. All these people will become my food, and after devouring their blood essence, my cultivation level will increase to Golden Exalt!!

“Haha, once I become a Golden Exalt, even when I return to the Immortal Astral Continent, I can become the head elder of a sect and will even have a chance to become an Empyrean Exalt!” Master Scarlet Soul’s eyes were filled with excitement. He knew that there were very few Empyrean Exalts on the Immortal Astral Continent, only a few hundred at the most. Once he became an Empyrean Exalt, he could follow a Grand Empyrean.

And at that time, as a cultivator who followed one of the Grand Empyreans, he would be famous across the Immortal Astral Continent.

“If I follow one of the five Grand Empyreans, I could definitely choose the Celestial Emperor… Unfortunately, there are many powerful people under the Celestial Emperor and he might not want me… However, even if I can’t follow the Celestial Emperor, I can still follow Grand Empyrean Dao Yi!

“Grand Empyrean Dao Yi cares a lot about Empyrean Exalts, so if I wish it, he will definitely accept me. With Grand Empyrean Dao Yi’s protection, even if that Wang Lin finds out about this, I won’t be afraid!

“If his cultivation level is lower, I’ll absorb all his blood essence and make myself stronger. If his cultivation level is similar to or higher than mine, although it’s not likely, I’ll still have Grand Empyrean Dao Yi’s protection.

“I don’t believe he would dare to not yield before Grand Empyrean Dao Yi! Perhaps his heart will tremble and he will kneel in worship the moment he sees Grand Empyrean Dao Yi!

“After all, before Grand Empyreans, all cultivators are mere ants!” This Master Scarlet Soul had considered future matters very careful. After making sure nothing could go wrong, he laughed loudly.

“Teacher!” As he laughed, there was another person sitting in the blood mist beside him. It was a young man, and at this moment, the young man opened his eyes. The young man respectfully bowed at Master Scarlet soul. He was the shadow that had spoken to the people in the Celestial Realm.

Master Scarlet Soul laughed and looked at the youth beside him. This youth was someone he had met in the cave world that was very suited to become his disciple. The youth’s talent was very good and, most interestingly, he had found him on planet Suzaku. This youth was said to be Wang Lin’s descendent after an unknown amount of generations.

The youth revealed a cruel smile and respectfully said, “Teacher, they still haven’t given up. They are still sending out cultivators to reinforce the formation. In particular, that Master South Cloud is despicable. Teacher, after you break the formation, give me Master South Cloud’s soul so Disciple can torture him properly.”

“A mere Master South Cloud, I’ll give him to you!” Master Scarlet Soul was very pleased when he saw his disciple’s cruel expression. He wanted a disciple like this.

Master Scarlet soul slowly said, “But that Mu Bingmei…”

The young man respectfully said, “If Teacher wants that woman, Disciple will offer her with both hands.”

“She is the Ancestor’s lover.” Master Scarlet Soul revealed a mocking expression. He found this very interesting. He even wondered what expression Wang Lin would make if he learned about this in the future.

The youth respectfully said, “So what? Although Disciple is named Wang, Wang Lin has left the cave world, and whether he is dead or alive is unknown. Since he left his lover behind, might as well let me enjoy her to resolve my loneliness. Isn’t that what Teacher always tells me?”

“Ye Mo is dead, but since you’ve obtained his inheritance, Wang Lin, you can inherit my hatred as well!” Master Scarlet Soul laughed and there was a flash of viciousness in his eyes.

Master Scarlet Soul smiled and said, “There is no need. This Mu Bingmei is someone Teacher personally chose for you, so how could Teacher rob her from you? However, Teacher is going to play with her for a bit. Once I’m tired of her, I’ll naturally give her to you.”

“As it should be. Thank you, Teacher.” The youth nodded with a smile.

“OK, let’s wait two more days!” Master Scarlet Soul’s eyes lit up and his hands formed seals. The blood mist churned as the tens of thousands of blood puppets released even stronger blood-colored light. This made the formation around the Celestial Realm even weaker.

At this moment, as Master Scarlet Soul continued to use the blood light to corrode the formation in the Celestial Realm, there was a woman in white standing on a tall peak.

This woman was an absolute beauty. Forget the cave world, not even anyone on the Immortal Astral Continent could compare to her beauty.

Her beauty almost didn’t seem to belong to this world.

The wind blew, carrying the smell of blood. It lifted her hair and revealed a breathtakingly beautiful face that was very calm at this moment.

However, deep inside this calmness, there was a trace of confusion and bitterness others could not see. She used her strong determination as a shell to wrap the bitterness and confusion deep inside her heart.

“Your holiness….” Behind her stood an old man. He looked at the woman before him anxiously.

“The formation… can last two more days at most.”

Mu Bingmei looked at the sky and softly said, “I know… Let me have some time alone.”

The old man hesitated before he let out a sigh and retreated.

Mu Bingmei was the only one left on the mountain. She silently stood there and raised her right hand, and in her hand was a crystal sword.

It was something Wang Lin had left with her. It was formed by his essences and contained his ancient aura.

“If I’m still alive, I’ll greet you…” Mu Bingmei muttered. This what she had said to Wang Lin when he left.

“If I’m no longer alive…” Mu Bingmei’s eyes were filled with sorrow. She looked at the sword in her hand and tears formed.

“Wang Lin, where are you!?!” Mu Bingmei’s tears fell and landed on the crystal sword. They created a soft sound and flowed down the blade...

As Mu Bingmei muttered this, there was a flash of light in the calm and dark space in the direction of Allheaven. The light turned into a gate and a person walked out.

White robe, white hair.

Wang Lin.

“This place is…” Wang Lin looked around and revealed a smile.

“Allheaven…” His smile revealed joy from his heart. The familiar aura here allowed him to know that he was home.

His divine sense subconsciously spread out in all directions.

“I wonder what the Celestial Realm is like. Have there been any big changes since I left… Those old friend and-” Wang Lin muttered, but his words suddenly stopped. He stared at the direction of the Celestial Realm and the smile on his face was replaced by intense coldness and monstrous killing intent.

This was the first full eruption of his killing intent after becoming the strongest person on the Immortal Astral Continent.
