Chapter 2075

“Master Scarlet Soul…” Wang Lin let out a cold snort. Right now, he clearly noticed everything that was going on outside the Celestial Realm. He saw Master Scarlet Soul’s face and the youth, from whom he vaguely felt some bloodline connection to. He also saw the formation outside the Celestial Realm being corroded by the blood light.

Seeing how much the formation was corroded, it should dissipate in about two days.

When Master Scarlet Soul was released by Wang Lin, although he was weak, he was still too powerful for Wang Lin. Now he had recovered to his peak, but before Wang Lin, he was as weak as an ant.

This ant was someone he could crush countless times with a point of his finger.

With a cold snort, Wang Lin stepped forward and disappeared from Allheaven. After he disappeared, the gate made of light disappeared as if it had never been there.

When Wang Lin reappeared, he didn’t appear near Master Scarlet Soul, but in the familiar Celestial Realm. No one in the Celestial Realm noticed his arrival.

There was no need to talk about Master Scarlet Soul outside.

The sky of the Celestial Realm was no longer blue like before, but blood red. It was very heavy and suppressing. However, aside from the color of the sky, the pavilions, mountains, and rivers sketched out the beauty of the Celestial Realm.

Compared to when Wang Lin left, some places were familiar, but other places were completely unfamiliar.

Looking around, Wang Lin waved his right hand. Three rays of light appeared, revealing three people before Wang Lin.

It was Xu Liguo, Liu Jinbiao, and the only disciple to follow Wang Lin back into the cave world, Thirteen.

Thirteen was not ordinary. When he looked around and saw the red mist, he was confused for a moment but soon recovered. He bowed at Wang Lin and silently stood beside him.

For him, whether it was the Immortal Astral Continent or the cave world, as long as he could be with his teacher, there was no difference.

Compared to him, Liu Jinbiao and Xu Liguo both had strange expressions. After looking around, they both looked at each other with mischievous eyes. Wang Lin could see that the two of them felt very proud and lofty.

It was like someone feeling extremely proud when they returned to their hometown from a bigger place.

It was clearly written on their faces that “See, I went to the Immortal Astral Continent! In that place, I’m the boss.”

Wang Lin looked at the sky and said, “We are home, you guys can do as you will. I’m going to see some old friends.” Then he flew away with one step.

When Wang Lin entered the Celestial Realm, he had already swept everyone with his divine sense. He saw a lot, including Mu Bingmei.

Mu Bingmei was standing on the mountain, seeming as if she was going to be blown away with the wind. She bit her lower lip, and after a long time, she let out a sigh. She stroked the crystal sword in her hand and revealed a look of absolute determination as if she had made some kind of decision.

She clenched the sword in her hand as she looked at the blood-colored sky and turned to leave. However, when she turned, Mu Bingmei was completely shocked. Her eyes were filled with disbelief as she looked at the figure behind her that was looking at her.

It was a young man wearing white with a head of white hair. There was a sense of familiarity in this unfamiliar figure.

The two of them looked at each other under this blood-colored sky, with the mountain as the background, the wind as music, and the sky as the base that held everything together.

As Wang Lin looked at the familiar yet unfamiliar woman, he felt complicated. This complicated feeling had accompanied him for a long time.

The Heng Yue Sect appeared before his eyes, along with the bright, young girl. Then, in the Suzaku Tomb, that suffocatingly beautiful figure.

This figure changed again and again. To the moment at the Allheaven Star System, to Wang Ping’s bitter roar, until it fixed on the moment that Wang Lin left the cave world. He saw his memories like a painting.

On that day, a light shower rained down on the Celestial Realm. In the rain, a woman in white drifted over like a willow leaf.

In the rain, there was a beautiful woman with an umbrella. She had long, black hair and looked like a painting of an otherworldly being. Her arrival made the world quiet, and only the sound of the rain remained. There was a strange force in the air that seemed to make one forget about everything but the beautiful figure in the hazy mist of rain.

“If I’m still alive, I’ll return…” Wang Lin looked at the woman before him. Her figure overlapped with his memory and slowly melted in his heart.

Mu Bingmei didn’t dare to believe what she was seeing. She was completely startled. In a trance, Wang Lin’s white-haired figure became even more profound, until it fused with her memory and also melted in her heart.

In an instant, she seemed to see the Heng Yue Sect from thousands of years ago. Among the many people, there was only one youth who hadn’t become obsessed because of her beauty.

She saw the figure that was stopped by her in the Suzaku Tomb and coldly stared at her.

And in Allheaven, the man who let out a miserable roar after learning that her avatar had died, and his gaze filled with sorrow.

In the end, the images before her stopped at the moment when the man left the cave world. Rain fell on that day, giving off a parting feeling.

In the rain, Wang Lin’s figure was very strange, to the point of making her heart ache. As her heart ached, she saw his indifferent expression become soft. She knew that this was because they were parting ways and that perhaps he would not come back.

“If I’m still alive, I’ll greet you…” Mu Bingmei bit her lower lip as tears flowed down from the corners of her eyes. After Wang Lin left the cave world, she had never been this vulnerable.

Wang Lin looked at the beautiful woman and revealed a gentle smile. He let out a sigh as he walked up to Mu Bingmei and they looked at the blood-colored sky together.

Wang Lin softly said, “After leaving the cave world, while I was on the Immortal Astral Continent, there was something I always wanted to say. Now that I’m back, there is someone to listen.”

Mu Bingmei nodded. Her heart was throbbing. She still found it difficult to believe and didn’t know what to say.

After hearing Wang Lin’s words, she became extremely nervous. This kind of thing was extremely rare for someone as strong-willed as her, who was once the saintess of the Brilliant Void Realm and was now the saintess of the Celestial Realm. It was as if aside from Wang Lin, no other man could make her feel panic like right now.

Perhaps if there was someone else, it would be Wang Ping.

Her right hand gripped the sword and her left hand unconsciously clenched the corner of her clothes. Her fingers were pale.

“Liu Mei…” Wang Lin withdrew his gaze from the blood-colored sky and gently spoke to Mu Bingemi.

“Don’t say it, I don’t want to listen!!” Mu Bingmei’s body trembled and she instantly turned pale. The sword in her hand fell as she retreated. At this moment, she looked so helpless and fragile, as if a gust of would could blow her away.

Her face revealed sorrow and, along with the tears, revealed a show of weakness that was breathtaking.

“I don’t want to listen. Wang Lin, I… I don’t want to listen…” Even more tears appeared from the corners of Mu Bingmei’s eyes. The tears flowed down her cheeks and fell on her clothes.

Wang Lin looked at Mu Bingmei, at her fragile appearance and the confusion in her helpless gaze. He let out a sigh.

“Aside from meeting old friends, I came back this time to settle the matter between us. I have found a way to resurrect Wang Er, and once I leave, I’m going to resurrect her.”

Tears flowed down from Mu Bingmei’s eyes. With how smart she was, how could she not know what Wang Lin wanted to say? Her pale face revealed a bitter expression.

“Liu Mei, let the past be the past… I am also responsible for the mistake back then… Let’s leave our memories to the dust… You told me you wanted to see Wang Ping…”

Wang Lin looked down at Mu Bingmei and softly said, “I came back this time to resolve the matter in your heart. Wang Ping needs a mother. I’ll perform my dream dao, where you, me, and Ping Er will complete a reincarnation cycle to the end… This will let Ping Er see his mother, let you have no regrets, and let me… have no regrets either.”

Mu Beingmei silently pondered. After a long time, she wiped away her tears and looked at Wang Lin with a complicated gaze as she nodded.

“You’ll accompany me for a lifetime, 100 years, in the dream world to resolve everything… So now you’re my husband, right?” Mu Bingmei muttered.

Wang Lin closed his eyes. When he opened them again, he nodded.

Mu Bingmei revealed a smile. It was a smile with tears. She gently walked up to Wang Lin, hugged him, and fell into his arms.

Wang Lin gently hugged Mu Bingmei. The fragrance coming from her body was intoxicating.

This was the first time they had truly embraced, the first time they had put down all complex feelings to spend 100 years to resolve this wrong or ill-fated relationship.

The two of them hugged on the mountain under the blood-colored sky and time gradually passed. After one day, the blood color in the sky became even stronger. At this point, thin cracks appeared on the formation, signalling that it was ready to collapse. Wang Lin left the mountain with Mu Bingmei.
