Chapter 2076

Master South Cloud saw Wang Lin.

Dao Master Blue Dream also saw Wang Lin.

In the Celestial Realm, everyone who had met Wang Lin saw the white-haired and white-robed figure. The Lord of the Seal Realm!

Although some of the cultivators that had entered the Celestial Realm later hadn’t seen Wang Lin, they had heard many rumors around him.

Now that they were seeing him, the entire Celestial Realm seemed to boil up. The feelings of suppression and panic instantly disappeared.

Master South Cloud only had his origin soul, and with Wang Lin’s current cultivation level, he could gather the power of the world to make him a new body. Master South Cloud could fuse with this body and feel no discomfort.

Dao Master Blue Dream hesitated as he looked at Wang Lin, but he didn’t speak. He was waiting for Wang Lin to condense a new body for Master South Cloud before he tried to speak, but in the end, he let out a sigh.

Wang Lin smiled and greeted all the familiar people. He also saw Xu Liguo and Liu Jinbiao pulling some cultivators and talking about something. The finger-long sea dragon on Liu Jinbiao’s shoulder looked very bored. When a cultivator tried to touch it, it bared its teeth and the cultivator laughed.

Thirteen still liked to be alone. He was sitting not far away and could occasionally open his eyes to look at Wang Lin respectfully.

Wang Lin withdrew his gaze and walked toward Dao Master Blue Dream alone.

Dao Master Blue Dream’s face was still pale. It was clear that his earlier injuries were very serious.

Wang Lin pointed at Dao Master Blue Dream. The power of the world gathered and rushed into Dao Master Blue Dream’s body, causing his injuries to rapidly recover.

A moment later, Dao Master Blue Dream’s face was no longer pale. He took a deep breath and nodded at Wang Lin.

Dao Master Blue Dream slowly asked, “Is my daughter… doing well?”

Wang Lin silently pondered and sat down before Dao Master Blue Dream.

Seeing Wang Lin’s expression, Dao Master Blue Dream’s heart fell and his face turned pale once more.

“What happened… Wang Lin, tell me.”

“I could not find her after she reincarnated…” Wang Lin said bitterly. Although he was the strongest person on the Immortal Astral Continent, he was still respectful to Dao Master Blue Dream because he had helped in the past and was Li Qianmei’s father.

Dao Master Blue Dream closed his eyes and muttered to himself, “Didn’t find her…

“She went to the Immortal Astral Continent because of you and you didn’t find her… Didn’t find her…” Dao Master Blue Dream opened his eyes and began to laugh. This laughter was filled with disappointment and anger.

Just at this moment, a rumble came from the blood-colored sky. The many cracks in the sky showed signs of collapsing and an arrogant laughter came from above.

“All you cave world cultivators stubbornly resisted, thinking this formation could block this old man. Now the formation is about to be broken. Just wait for this old man to come in, and all of you will become food for my cultivation!” The voice was weak at the beginning, but as it continued, it became like a thunderous rumble that echoed across the Celestial Realm. Everyone looked up at the sky.

No one at the Celestial Realm knew Wang Lin’s specific cultivation level, but since Wang Lin could appear here without Master Scarlet Soul, knowing that meant that his cultivation level was not average. However, no one knew whether Wang Lin could defeat Master Scarlet Soul.

Master South Cloud’s expression was relaxed - he was not worried at all. From how Wang Lin could a new body for him with a casual wave of his hand, he knew how powerful Wang Lin was.

In particular, when he saw the contempt in Xu Liguo and Liu Jinbiao’s eyes, and that even the small snake on Liu Jinbiao’s shoulder had the same expression, he was certain of his speculation.

Not far away, Thirteen looked at the sky with an indifferent expression, but there was a flash of coldness in his eyes.

“Her mark disappeared, so she should have recovered her memories… I looked for a long time, but I couldn’t find her. However, I can feel that she is somewhere on the Immortal Astral Continent, and now I’m searching for her…” Wang Lin ignored the rumble from the sky as he looked at Dao Master Blue Dream and spoke bitterly.

“As long as she reveals a hint of her aura, I can detect her… Even though I have returned to the cave world, I can still sense her aura,” Wang Lin murmured. Li Qianmei was special to him. Although she wasn’t the same as Li Muwan, she was the second woman to walk into his heart.

“However… I can feel that she… is intentionally avoiding me and doesn’t want me to find her…” Wang Lin closed his eyes. His heart felt very painful. This pain was not as strong as missing Li Muwan, but it was still heart-wrenching.

He still remembered the words Li Qianmei had muttered to him with an indescribable emotion.

“Wang Lin, uh, don’t understand feelings…”

Looking at Wang Lin’s face and listening to his words, Dao Master Blue Dream silently pondered. He knew what Wang Lin was feeling, and he understood his own daughter.

The sky rumbled and began to collapse on a wide scale, revealing a hole. The blood color spread as more holes appeared and laughter echoed across the entire Celestial Realm.

The sky collapsed and countless cracks appeared. After several days, Master Scarlet Soul had finally corroded an opening in the formation. The formation continued to fall, and soon, the Celestial Realm would have no protection.

This laughter was filled with arrogance and sounded heaven-shattering.

Blood figures flew out from the hole and filled the sky. The blood figures were those puppets. They appeared in the sky and stared at the people below with indifferent expressions.

As the blood figures appeared, a youth wearing red walked out of the hole. He looked arrogant and was filled with killing intent. After he appeared, his voice echoed across the world.

“Your weak formation was destroyed by my teacher. You lowly cultivators, I want to see how you will resist this time! Mu Bingmei, once my teacher has his fun with you, I’ll let you know the difference between me and that Wang Lin…” The youth laughed hysterically as he walked out. He looked down, but this caused his words to suddenly stop.

He saw Master South Cloud sneering at him, and Master South Cloud had a body. He saw the beautiful Mu Bingmei. She was looking at him coldly, as if she was looking at a dead person.

What shook his heart even more was the young man in white sitting before Dao Master Blue Dream. The youth didn’t look at him directly, but when he saw this person, his body trembled. This person looked a bit familiar.

“He… He…” The mind of the young man in red rumbled as if thunder had exploded in his mind. He could hardly believe his own eyes.

This person looked exactly the same as the statue he had seen on planet Suzaku when he was young!!

“Ancestor…” He seemed to have gone crazy. He refused to believe that the person before him was his ancestor Wang Lin.

However, the trembling in his soul clearly told him that the white-haired youth was planet Suzaku’s ancestor. The Lord of the Sealed Realm from back then, Wang Lin!

“So what if it really is him? He is not Teacher’s match!” The young man’s expression changed as took a deep breath. He subconsciously retreated and his eyes narrowed.

“Interesting, you actually found someone so similar. Do you think that with him…” Before he could finish speaking, the white-haired youth in white looked up at him. Those eyes were completely calm, but they made his body tremble.

Wang Lin withdrew his gaze and calmly said, “Thirteen, kill him!”

Not far away, there was a flash of coldness in Thirteen’s eyes and he moved without hesitation. As he walked into the sky, he waved his right hand and smoke appeared. It was the Extreme Fire Dao of the Eight Extreme Dao!

For his disciple Thirteen, Wang Lin had chosen spells that were suitable for him. He had also extracted power of the world to increase Thirteen’s cultivation level greatly!

Others couldn’t do this, but as someone who was half a step into the Heaven Trampling stage and was comparable to the Ancient Ancestor and Celestial Ancestor, this matter was not difficult.

Under the gazes of the countless cultivators of the Celestial Realm, Thirteen flew up with an indifferent gaze. Smoke surrounded him, forming rings, and created a raging fire in the sky.

Under this raging fire, all the blood puppets collapsed without any power to resist. A miserable scream echoed from the sea of fire before Thirteen walked out holding a head filled with despair.

The fire in the sky instantly disappeared after Thirteen left. The sky was still red, but it was a lot less intense. An old man was revealed to be at the hole of the formation, and he stared at Wang Lin dumbfoundedly.

“Wang Lin!!” The old man was filled with disbelief, but he soon turned fierce. His Void Tribulant cultivation suddenly erupted, causing the sky to shake and the earth to tremble.

“You actually came back to the cave world, but even though you came back, you’re still an ant before this old man!” The old man was Master Scarlet Soul. After he spoke, he flew like a ray of light toward Wang Lin.

From his point of view, Wang Lin’s cultivation was like a cloud of fog, but he thought Wang Lin had some treasures to hide his cultivation level. This kind of thing was common on the Immortal Astral Continent. He was completely confident in his Void Tribulant cultivation.

Wang Lin calmly watched Master Scarlet Soul charging at him.

Before Wang Lin did anything, the small snake on Li Jinbiao’s shoulder suddenly shined brightly and let out a heaven-shattering roar.

The roar shook the world and caused the ears of all the Celestial Realm cultivators to rumble. Master Scarlet Soul’s body trembled and he stopped as he stared below like a wooden chicken.

“This… This is…”

The little snake quickly flew up and rapidly expanded under the dumbfounded gazes of all the cultivators. It quickly recovered to its original size of a giant sea dragon and roared at the startled Master Scarlet Soul.

“Gold… Golden… Exalt… Sea Dragon!!!” Master Scarlet Soul felt like he was dreaming.
