Chapter 2078

Master Scarlet Soul’s eyes turned red and he roared hysterically, “Fake! No one can create a vortex that connects to the Immortal Astral Continent and summon a Grand Empyrean, it’s all fake! Don’t try to deceive this old man!!!”

His expression was ferocious and the veins on his head were swollen. At this moment, he forgot his fear and felt like his mind was going to collapse from this absurd concept.

“Fake, it’s all fake. Haha, it must all be fake. Wang Lin, this old man knows the Celestial Emperor’s bodyguard Luo Ming. He is a good friend of mine and I once saved his life! He is a confidant of the Celestial Emperor… He…” Master Scarlet Soul laughed as if this was his last strand of hope.

“Oh? It’s all fake, eh? Although I can’t bring the Celestial Emperor’s divine sense here, I can let you see his broken soul.” Wang Lin waved his hand and the vortex in the sky suddenly disappeared. Dao Yi’s aura also disappeared. In the Dao Yi Sect, Dao Yi trembled. He clearly felt his own vulnerability and Wang Lin’ strength.

“See if this is fake!” Wang Lin was calm, and as he spoke, three colors appeared behind him. Black, white, gold!

The three colors of light suddenly gathered into a giant sun and the aura of a Grand Empyrean erupted from Wang Lin. All of it descended upon Master Scarlet Soul.

At the same time, Celestial Emperor Lian Daozhen’s face appeared in the sun. Although his face was distorted from the pain, anyone who had met Lian Daozhen would be able to recognize him!

“Fake… It’s all fake… It’s all fake… You’re also a Grand Empyrean? Haha, its all fake. Don’t try to deceive me,” Master Scarlet Soul muttered. His eyes were out of focus.

After Wang Lin released his Grand Empyrean pressure, his cultivation level continued to rise until it reached half a step into Heaven Trampling. His pressure was enough to collapse star system and destroy all life.

All the pressure gathered around Master Scarlet Soul and none leaked out. He began to laugh like a madman, and the moment he went crazy, his body collapsed.

When his body collapsed, Master Scarlet Soul went insane.

He could not accept this reality. He didn’t dare to believe he had hostile intentions toward someone who had refined the Celestial Emperor’s soul, who even Dao Yi feared, and who was a Grand Empyrean himself. He had even talked out teasing a Grand Empyrean’s lover and had taken a Grand Empyrean’s descendant as his disciple.

He had even made the descendant of the Grand Empyrean rebel against the Grand Empyrean.

Absurd, absolutely ridiculous!

He went crazy. His body collapsed and his origin soul died. However, compared to the madness in him, this pain was like the firefly and the moon - it was impossible to compare the two.

This kind of death was countless times more cruel than directly destroying one’s body and soul. Aside from his body, Wang Lin had ruthlessly destroyed his reasoning and mind.

On the day after the battle, Wang Lin brought Mu Bingmei, Thirteen, Xu Liguo, and company and left. Before leaving, Wang Lin rebuilt the formation. This formation was even more powerful, and unless the Celestial Ancestor or Ancient Ancestor were reborn, no one could break it.

Not even Gu Dao could break it.

When he left, Wang Lin left a part of his dao and spells in the Celestial Realm. He had also gathered power of the world and made a mountain of pills. He had left a powerful seed for the Celestial Realm. Perhaps the Celestial Realm would be filled with powerful people as time passed, maybe even people who inherited Wang Lin’s dao.

A perfect protection formation, a large amount of pills and dao scriptures, and even Wang Lin’s understanding of the ethereal essences. This would make the Celestial Realm very strong and make sure incidents like Master Scarlet Soul never happened again.

Before leaving, Wang Lin and Dao Master Blue Dream talked for a long time. No one knew what they had talked about, and after Dao Master Blue Dream sent Wang Lin off, he went into closed door cultivation.

Wang Lin left. He travelled through the vast star system and arrived on planet Suzaku. He sat before his own statue for several days before he left. He then want to planet Tian Yun, which had become a ruin during the great war.

There, Wang Lin spread out his divine sense and found the entrance to the Demon Spirit Land. In this familiar place that was Celestial Emperor Qing Lin’s cave, he found the scroll he had once sealed there. He released the woman inside and allowed her to enter reincarnation.

The mystery woman from back then was no longer important to Wang Lin.

Wang Lin left the Demon Spirit Land and went to a lot of places in the four star systems. As for some of the unresolved matters from the past, he didn’t deliberately search for answers but dealt with them one by one.

In the end, he left the Inner Realm and went to the Outer Realm.

In the Outer Realm, the first place he went to was the Fallen Land. There, he saw the old Vermillion Bird, who had helped him before.

He also saw a lot of old friends.

A few days later, Wang Lin released the seal on the Fallen Land to allow the people there to leave at will. Wang Lin took away the most important item of the Fallen Land, a pointer on a compass.

His footprints appeared all over the Outer Realm. He saw Esteemed Scattered Soul, this friend who he admired greatly in the past.

Similarly, Wang Lin saw a baby on a cultivation planet in the Outer Realm.

The baby’s body was in the core of the planet and seemed to be sleeping. The baby looked like Tuo Sen. Although Wang Lin didn’t know what had happened, Tuo Sen seemed to be Tu Si, and he was cultivating some kind of spell.

This spell required him to revert his body back into a baby and grow once more.

Wang Lin watched the baby until he left several days later. He left a divine sense for Tuo Sen, and when the baby awakened, he would feel this divine sense.

For Wang Lin, the cave world no longer had any mysteries. If there was anything, it would be the mysterious All-Seer and Seven-Colored Daoist. However, all traces of those two had disappeared from the cave world.

Wang Lin went to a lot of places and then, one year later, returned to planet Suzaku, his hometown.

There was one final secret waiting to be revealed. Back then, he didn’t have the power to find it, and before he left the cave world, he was filled with confusion about the future, so he had no time to pay attention to it.

However, now that he was on planet Suzaku, Wang Lin went to the sea of devils, to the entrance of the Land of the Ancient God.

Although the Land of the Ancient God had collapsed due to Tuo Sen leaving, there was still an ancient space within. Wang Lin stepped inside and found the Ji Qiong.

This beast had devoured Wang Lin’s divine sense and grown a head that looked exactly like Wang Lin.

However, when Wang Lin found it, the beast had been dead for an unknown amount of years and only a skeleton remained. Wang Lin stood next to the skeleton for a long time, and his gaze was locked onto one of the skulls.

It was a human skull, but it was not normal-sized. Instead, it was the size of a fist. Wang Lin looked at it in confusion. He had a skull that was exactly the same in his storage space.

He took out the skull, and when the two skulls were placed next to each other, one of them turned into speck of dark light before disappearing.

Wang Lin recognized that the one that disappeared was the one he had gotten from Dao Yi.

Wang Lin vaguely gained some enlightenment, but it was only a flash and he could not clearly grasp it.

He stroked the skull and muttered to himself, “If there really is reincarnation, then when the past and the present meet, the past will dissipate and no longer exist… Only the present will remain…”

After putting away the skull, Wang Lin relaxed greatly. When he vaguely began to doubt himself, he felt fear from his heart toward this skull.

He did not fear it, but the origin of this thing. He hesitated. If there really was reincarnation, did this belong to… Wang Ping.

Now he had found the answer.

Wang Lin put away the skull and walked out of the space the Land of the Ancient God was in.

“The Ancient Dao Imperial Teacher that looked like the All-Seer said that I had found the skull and the white hair… Now the skull has changed. Does this mean that one day the white hair will encounter a similar fate…” Wang Lin left while silently pondering.

Time flowed by. In a flash, 10 years passed.

Xu Liguo’s seal had long been released. After he regained his freedom, he could not hold in the pride he felt after returning home. He and Liu Jinbiao had left 10 years ago, and the two of them had gone off somewhere.

The sea dragon was accompanying them and would make sure no one in the cave world could harm them. Only they could bully others, and there was no chance of others bullying them.

Before Liu Jinbiao left, he told Xu Liguo in a serious expression that he wanted to pursue the ultimate form of deception. He felt like his cooperation with Xu Liguo was good, but perhaps another person would make it more perfect.

Xu Liguo also agreed. After they discussed it, they set their sights on Zhong Big Red and felt nostalgic.

They decided that the first stop was to find Zhong Big Red.

Thirteen was the same as always and remained on planet Suzaku. He decided to stay here to protect his teacher until his teacher awakened.

His cultivation level had risen in the last 10 years. Most importantly, he had inherited Wang Lin’s dao and almost all of Wang Lin’s spells.

Aside from the ethereal essences, which he still hadn’t gained much comprehension in, Thirteen had already formed the five elemental essences.

In particular, Thirteen seemed to have an amazing talent for the Eight Extreme Dao, so his comprehension was profound.

Thirteen wasn’t the only one that guarded Wang Lin - there was also the mosquito king. It was very powerful and was like a king in this place. Every time it moved, it would attract the attention of all the cultivators on the planet.

There were cultivators that wanted to catch it, but once they suffered and learned of the gap between them and this mosquito beast, they all avoided it and no longer dared to provoke it.

The mosquito beast would not hurt anyone and would sometimes leave the planet to play. The people on the planet gradually grew accustomed to its existence.

As for Wang Lin and Mu Bingmei, they had both walked into a cave in the mountain 10 years ago. Wang Lin had used his dream dao to bring him and Mu Bingmei to resolve the matter and inner demon that was Liu Mei.

Perhaps once the issue with Liu Mei was resolved, the relationship between Wang Lin and Mu Bingmei would be different.

Time passed. In a flash, another 10 years went by.

The cultivators on planet Suzaku didn’t know that the legendary Wang Lin had long returned to his hometown. They only knew that 20 years ago, an indifferent cultivator had turned a mountain into a forbidden land.

No one was allowed to take half a step inside. The first time someone did it, there would be warning, but the second time would result in death!!
