Chapter 2079

This autumn, the autumn leaves were blown into the air and flew across the sky as if they wanted to find their home.

The autumn sky was clear for 10,000 kilometers; it was very beautiful. On this autumn morning, there were bursts of smoke coming from what looked like a farmhouse and a garden.

This place was the country of Zhao. Many of the people who lived here never went far their farms. Not to mention this was a remote place, a small mountain village at the foot of a mountain.

When the autumn wind in the morning dragged the leaves by, bursts of sounds came from the village. There was a group of naughty kids playing and laughing.

There was a red carriage that was surrounded by villagers, and it stopped before a courtyard. The noise reached a peak. It was clear that this family was welcoming a bride.

Rumor that the ancestor of this family was a carpenter, but this generation was a scholar. It was said that he had passed the county exam. However, for some unknown reason, he hadn’t gone to the capital, but returned to this place.

Now more than 20 years had passed, and the scholar had become a middle-aged man. He had a son that had also grown up. Today was the joyous day for the child Wang Lin.

Wang Lin had grown up here, so the nearby villagers knew him very well. This child was very unfortunate - he was a mute. He always silently looked into the distance, and no one knew what he was looking at.

When the lively sounds reached a peak, the curtain to the carriage was opened and a woman wearing a red veil walked out. Wang Lin held her hand and the two of them walked into the courtyard.

As for the woman, all the youths in the village adored her. She was the second daughter of the Liu family, a rich family in the area. Ever since she was a child, she was always liked to be with Wang Lin. They two of them were childhood sweethearts, and one would often see those two little fellows looking into the distance.

Now that they had grown up, no one was surprised about them getting married, just a lot of them were envious.

The joyous events in a village were often not as big as those in the towns. They were very simple: the host would arrange a feast and the whole village would come to congratulate them. When the sun set, it would be over.

The remaining time belonged to the newlyweds.

In the new house, a simple and honest Wang Lin raised the veil off his wife’s face and saw her breathtakingly beautiful face.

The woman was called Liu Mei.

She blushed as she looked at Wang Lin and laughed.

The meeting of their gazes seemed to penetrate time, as if their gazes had lasted reincarnation after reincarnation until they became eternal.

The day after they got married, Liu Mei was sitting in the courtyard, and opposite of her was Wang Lin. He had a wood carving in his hand. He was carving his wife’s most beautiful moment.

Their plain life gave off a sense of warmth. After two years, they had a child. It was a boy, and his name was Wang Ping.

The boy was very smart and an eloquent speaker. As he grew up, the family lived a warm life, and it looked perfect.

Wang Lin had chosen not to study with his father, but to become a carpenter, the occupation passed down from their ancestors. He had decided to live in this small mountain village.

His wife, Liu Mei, had very deep feelings toward their child. She spent almost all her time with Wang Ping. She cooked for him in the mornings, played with him during the day, and read stories to him to coax him to sleep.

After 10 years, when Wang Ping turned 15, he decided to study. He left the small mountain village and headed outside to participate in the county exam.

When he left, he saw his mother sitting in the yard and his father carving the second statue of his mother. The statue was still very beautiful.

Wang Ping successfully passed the exam and went to the capital a few years later. Wang Lin and Liu Mei went with him, and they lived in the capital.

Time unknowingly passed. White appeared in Wang Lin and Liu Mei’s hair. Wang Ping had made a name for himself in the capital and found his own path.

At this time, Wang Ping married. His wife had a very nice name: Qing Yi. She was a very beautiful girl who came from a rich family in the capital.

She was very filial to Wang Lin and Liu Mei, and this made them very satisfied but also very emotional. After all, this meant that Wang Ping was going to have his own family and, like a bird that grew up, he would fly high in the sky. Perhaps he wouldn’t return home for a long time.

Wang Lin and Liu Mei chose to leave. They left the capital and returned to the calm mountain village to spend their remaining years.

After returning to their old home in the village, Wang Lin carved the third statue for Liu Mei. This carving contained traces of time but was still very beautiful.

Life was very calm and nothing special happened. Wang Lin enjoyed these days greatly. Although he hadn’t said a word to her in this lifetime, they continued to watch the sun rise and set. There was a sense of warmth, and the amount of white hair on their heads increased.

Time passed in this warmth. This year, when the autumn leaves flew across the sky, Wang Lin and Liu Mei had become old. Their child, Wang Ping, would occasionally come back during the years, but he never stayed for too long before quickly leaving.

The two elders were sitting inside the yard. Liu Mei smiled and looked at Wang Lin. On the other side, Wang Lin was holding a carving in his hand. He looked at Liu Mei and was perhaps making the last carving in his life.

The wood carving gradually took shape in Wang Lin’s hands, and Liu Mei’s appearance slowly appeared. However, this was not the current white-haired Liu Mei, but Liu Mei the day after they were married. It was very beautiful.

“I know that even though you haven’t spoken to me your entire life, you’re not a mute…” Liu Mei looked at Wang Lin as he slowly worked on the carving. Her eyes were filled with tenderness.

Wang Lin looked up at Liu Mei and smiled. He shook his head and still didn’t speak.

On the third day after the carving was finished, Liu Mei fell ill. She was lying in bed and her old face still contained the beauty of her youth. She held Wang Lin’s hand and didn’t let go.

“I know you’re not a mute…

“I still remember when we met as children. You were looking at the sky. I was very curious about why you were looking at the sky, so I went next to you to look as well.

“However, I didn’t see anything. When I left, you suddenly spoke. The first thing you said to me was… you remember, I also remember…” Liu Mei looked at Wang Lin, and her gaze was as gentle as water.

“You said to me that I’m your wife… You’re my husband… This is our destined fate,” Liu Mei murmured, and her smile became even more gentle. She looked at Wang Lin as if she was immersed in her memories.

Wang Lin also laughed, he held Liu Mei’s hand and didn’t let go.

The two of them looked at each other like this. Liu Mei continued to talk. She talked about a lifetime of things, talked about her youth, talked about herself after their marriage, talked about after having Wang Ping.

“Ping Er is a good child, but he has grown up and he has his own path… We can’t let him stay here for the rest of his life… When I leave, you will be alone, so you have to take care of him,” Liu Mei murmured.

Wang Lin shook his head. He looked at Liu Mei with a gentle expression.

Liu Mei continued to talk as the night passed and the morning sun rose. The autumn wind blew and the yellow leaves danced in the sky. Liu Mei’s eyes were suddenly filled with confusion and her grip on Wang Lin’s hand became even harder.

Her wrinkle-covered face became red and it was as if time had reversed. Her weak body was injected with life.

“I saw it… Wang Lin, I saw it…” She struggled to get up, and her face was filled with joy. She pointed out the window and quickly spoke to Wang Lin.

“I saw exactly what was in the sky back when we were kids, I really saw it! In the sky, there was a you and a me...

“I saw it… We are cultivators… I… I….” Liu Mei suddenly stopped and tears flowed from her eyes. She saw a scene that made her heart ache.

“I… How can this be…” Even more tears flowed from Liu Mei’s eyes.

Wang Lin pulled Liu Mei and said the first words since they married. “It’s all in the past…” His voice was hoarse but gentle.

That night, Wang Ping returned with his wife after resigning from his official post so he could come home and accompany his parents. In the room, he saw his parents looking like they were sleeping with smiles. They had passed away.

He stood before his parents for a long time before tears flowed down his face… The faces of his parents and memories of his childhood appeared in his mind.

He buried his parents. Wang Ping and Qing Yi lived in this old house until years passed, until they grew old, until they closed their eyes.

Inside the cave, Thirteen was guarding Wang Lin and Liu Mei, who had been sitting there with their eyes closed. There was a bead rotating between them. The bead gave off a light that seemed to connect to the two of them.

On this day, Wang Lin opened his eyes and looked at the woman beside him for a long time.

The woman’s eyes trembled and tears fell. She opened her eyes and looked at Wang Lin. Their gazes met like in the dream dao, and this seemed to last for an eternity.

“It is over…” Mu Bingmei muttered.

“It’s over. Close your eyes. When you open them again, everything will begin anew…” Wang Lin whispered. He knew that the woman before him had very complicated feelings towards him. However, how matter how complicated these feelings were, she could not let them go.

Mu Bingmei stared at Wang Lin. She didn’t know what Wang Lin meant, but she obediently closed her eyes. This stopped her tears from flowing.

“Open your eyes…” A familiar voice came from before her.

When she opened her eyes, she saw it.
