Chapter 1631 – Ancient Celestial Realm

The ancient god had a giant scar on his chest. It was as if had someone cut open his chest in ancient times. An 8-star ancient god, even if he wasn’t of the royal bloodline, was already extremely powerful. To leave such a terrifying mark just showed how powerful these people were.

Roar!

The ancient god was less than 1,000 feet from Wang Lin. This was a long distance, but compared to an ancient god’s body, which was tens of thousands of feet tall, it was within punching distance. A rumble echoed as the 8-star ancient god punched Wang Lin.

An extremely powerful storm spread and stirred up the clouds. A giant shadow appeared before the ancient god.

This shadow was also an ancient god, but he was wearing a set of armor. An endless slaughter aura came from the shadow, and on the forehead of this shadow, there were actually… nine stars!

Wang Lin was originally an ancient god, and a royal ancient god at that, so he understood that the shadow that appeared behind the ancient god represented someone they respected, or it was an inherited title.

The shadow was a symbol of the ancient god’s identity and his origin. The 8-star ancient god was obviously loyal to the 9-star ancient god wearing armor!

Although Wang Lin’s eyes were closed, he could clearly feel everything. As the 8-star ancient god’s punch flew forward, the world trembled. When the punch was less than 100 feet from Wang Lin, he still didn’t open his eyes. Instead, he took a step forward and raised the palm of his right hand to collide with the ancient god’s punch.

With his palm blocking, Wang Lin’s body didn’t budge and he pushed the ancient god to the side. The ancient god’s hollow eyes were filled with disbelief when his full punch was gently pushed to the side by Wang Lin.

After pushing aside the ancient god’s punch, Wang Lin’s palm gently patted the head of this ancient god.

There was a thunderous bang and the ancient god coughed out a mouthful of blood before retreating 100,000 feet.

At the same time, the other four ancient gods closed in from different directions with three different punches. The full-power punches of three 8-star ancient gods was terrifying. At this moment, the seven stars between Wang Lin’s eyebrows started rotating rapidly. His 7-star royal ancient god power surged.

Time seemed to slow down at this moment. Wang Lin still had his eyes closed, and he calmly took half a step forward. His right hand gently patted one ancient god’s fists, knocking him to the side. His palm then hit the ancient god’s chest.

The ancient god trembled and blood flowed out from the corner of his mouth before he was knocked back 100,000 feet.

Wang Lin turned around and his arms extended out, grabbing the punches of the other two ancient gods. Although he had only grabbed a small portion of their fists, it was like he had grabbed onto their souls. He then suddenly pushed them back.

A shocking rumble echoed. The two ancient gods coughed out blood and were thrown far away.

All of this happened in an instant. Wang Lin had forced four ancient gods to retreat. Half of the golden light from the golden ring had dissipated and was still rapidly disappearing. Once all the light was gone, Wang Lin would have full control of this ring.

Although the ancient gods were pushed back to 100,000 feet away, rgw four ancient devils were charging at Wang Lin. They had cruel and bloodthirsty expression, and many ancient devil spells rushed at Wang Lin.

These spells were incomprehensible. They turned into ancient spells or mournful ghosts that surrounded the four ancient devils before rushing at Wang Lin.

A giant, black war axe appeared. It was an ancient devil treasure. One of the devils grabbed the axe and chopped down at Wang Lin, causing his expression to become cold.

The ancient gods were from the same clan, so he had held back a bit. Ancient devils were the same race but not the same clan. As the axe chopped down, Wang Lin’s body flashed and his right palm pressed against the blade of the axe. The ancient devil trembled and the axe collapsed into endless devilish energy. The devilish energy shot toward Wang Lin’s closed right eye.

In a flash, it was all absorbed by his right eye.

At the same time as he absorbed the devilish energy, Wang Lin stepped forward and arrived before an ancient devil. His right hand pressed against its chest and then he clenched before pulling back.

A miserable scream echoed and the 8-star ancient devil exploded. Dense, black gas was pulled out by Wang Lin, and he pressed it into his right eye.

This didn’t cause the other three ancient devils to retreat; they seemed to have lost their sanity. They were filled with cruelty and bloodthirst as they desperately rushed at Wang Lin. One of the ancient devils was already behind Wang Lin and wanted to devour him.

At the same time, the other two ancient devils arrived on the right and left of Wang Lin. Ancient devil spells appeared and shot toward him.

Even the four ancient demons closed in.

Wang Lin’s expression remained calm and his eyes were still closed. The golden ring on his forehead was almost completely dim, with only a small sliver still struggling to shine. As the ancient devil tried to devour him, Wang Lin didn’t dodge. Instead, he slammed his back into the ancient devil.

There was a thunderous rumble and the ancient devil let out a miserable scream, then a storm of devilish energy appeared and its body exploded. Wang Lin didn’t pause. He walked out of the storm and raised his left hand at another ancient devil. The Karma Print appeared once more.

While he absorbed the ancient devil energy, Wang Lin calmly moved toward the last ancient devil. The countless ancient devil spells shot toward Wang Lin, but they all went through him. The ancient devil was shocked from disbelief as Wang Lin’s palm pressed on its chest.

Thunderous rumbles echoed and the ancient devil turned into gas. Before it could dissipate, it was absorbed by Wang Lin’s palm.

All of this didn’t cause the four ancient demons to pause for even a moment. They surrounded him and closed in with a unified scream.

Wang Lin didn’t move his body, but his right hand pressed on his closed right eye. The last hint of golden light from the golden ring dissipated. Now the golden ring on his head didn’t have a single speck of light inside.

Wang Lin’s eyes opened.

Outside the million kilometers of clouds, Old Ghost Zhan became excited. He stared at Wang Lin inside the fog and his eyes became even brighter.

“In such a short period of time, he… he actually manage to obtain that treasure! The chance of him being the third one is not 30% but 50%!

“I have searched the inner cave for countless years, and Seven-Color has looked in the outer cave for countless years. We never found the third one and didn’t know where the third one went...

“If I can find it first…” Old Ghost Zhan’s eyes shined brightly and he clenched his fist.

As for Wang Lin, when he opened his eyes, the drop of blood that was his Celestial Immortal Body appeared and moved through the ring once. After it cycled once, the golden ring shined even more brightly.

However, this time the golden light belonged to Wang Lin!

“You’re all looking for death!” Wang Lin’s white hair moved without wind, and and golden ring lit up his snow-white hair. The moment he spoke, a monstrous killing intent spread from his body.

Under this slaughter aura, Wang Lin raised his right hand and pointed above. A giant, golden palm print appeared.

War Spirit Print!

This was the first time Wang Lin had used it since he awakened from his dream dao, and it was several times more powerful than before. Space itself trembled when the palmprint appeared. The palmprint that seemed to cover the entire area descended with endless pressure. The four ancient demons trembled and let out miserable screams as the palmprint penetrated their bodies. They all collapsed.

Strands of demonic energy gathered in Wang Lin’s left eye and were absorbed.

“There are also four of you. As members of my ancient god clan, you’re supposed to die on the battlefield, but your sanity was removed and you became puppets… I’m your king, and I feel your sadness…” Wang Lin’s eyes were filled with sorrow. As the ancient gods rushed at him, he pointed at them.

The War Spirit Print that had destroyed four ancient demons turned and shot toward the four ancients gods. Wang Lin closed his eyes as if he wasn’t willing to look.

The moment he closed his eyes, a thunderous rumble echoed. The four ancient gods all disappeared. Before they died, they seemed to reveal a face of relief.

“Divine retribution should be over!” Wang Lin raised his head and opened his eyes. He looked at the rift and made his way toward it step by step. When he stepped into the rift and saw what was inside, his pupils shrank.

He saw the world he saw in the past inside. It was an endless world with a dim sky above countless giant statues.

These statues were ancient gods, ancient devils, and ancient demons.

A sense of true celestial energy filled this area. Although it was not strong, it was obviously different from the celestial energy outside the rift. This was the aura of the Immortal Astral Continent.

Below Wang Lin, a young man stood on an ancient demon statue. The young man had white hair, white robes, and a cold gaze. His hands were behind his back as he looked up at the sky.

Wang Lin’s pupils shrank the moment he saw the young man.

Whether it was appearance, expression, aura, and everything else, he was the same as him; there was no way to tell them apart!

Wang Lin’s eyes returned to normal and he slowly said, “Who are you?”
