Chapter 1635 – Controlling Fate

“What an interesting life, what an interesting heaven, what an interesting creation! But even so, what of it? If I, Wang Lin, could enter the Ancient Celestial Realm and break open the divine retribution to figure out how it was created, then one day I will be able to step out of the cave. I will be able to enter the Immortal Astral Continent and see how powerful the great cultivators there are!

“What qualifications do they have to raise sentient beings in captivity? What qualifications do they have to become the masters of other beings?

“No wonder the first generation Vermillion Bird said he could only take a limited number of people to his hometown. That’s because aside from him, everyone else is not from the Immortal Astral Continent. They are all just cultivators born in this cave!

“No wonder he said that someone in his hometown could revive Li Muwan but he can’t. No wonder… No wonder…

“If Esteemed Scatter Spirit can take his people out from the 7 Million Worlds, then I, Wang Lin, can do the same. I want to see how powerful the people of the Immortal Astral Continent can be!

“When I step out of the cave and enter the Immortal Astral Continent, I want to see if I can set off a bloodbath. See if I, a mere cave-born cultivator, can step on top of those powerful cultivators in the Immortal Astral Continent!” Wang Lin laughed like crazy. He was not surprised about everything that had happened today, as he had speculations about this for a while. However, he didn’t want to and was unwilling to believe it. He had even deceived himself to not think about it.

However, today he had seen through everything. So what if he knew the truth? He was still Wang Lin, he was still a heaven-defying cultivator. He was still going to revive Li Muwan, and he was still going to face the world alone.

Even if this was the truth, so what? As long as he had an indomitable heart and will in his body, he would continue onward!

As he laughed, he stepped toward the second sun with his enlightenment of the truth. This sun contained the fire divine retribution. He threw a punch as he closed in.

Thunderous rumbles echoed and the second sun collapsed. The fire divine retribution formed by the seven-colored man was revealed.

Without pausing, Wang Lin stepped toward the third sun. A thunderous rumble echoed and a pressure spread out from within the sun. This pressure was like the heavens’ might and could suppress all life.

After breaking three suns in a row, Wang Lin rushed forward, laughing like crazy. He raised his right hand and created a giant palm that slammed toward the fourth sun.

The fourth sun contained four swords and gave off a terrifying sword energy. However, Wang Lin didn’t care about this sword energy at all!

The fifth sun contained countless illusory figures. These figures fused together to form a blur. This was the root of the illusion retribution.

The sixth sun contained the auras of three treasures. These treasures were the ones that had been used against Wang Lin earlier. Now that Wang Lin had destroyed two of them, their auras had fused together.

The seventh sun contained the soul force of the three ancient clans. There were countless souls of the three ancient clans sealed inside. It was the final method of manipulating the messengers of the heavens.

Approaching the eighth sun, Wang Lin felt the aura of the self retribution. This aura was rapidly changing, making it difficult to distinguish.

After breaking the eight suns in a row, a thunderous rumble echoed across the Ancient Celestial Realm. The muffled rumble caused the earth to tremble, and the statues on the ground trembled as well.

However, Wang Lin didn’t care about any of this. His eyes fell on the ninth sun. He had never seen the divine retribution that was within the ninth sun before.

He vaguely felt some very familiar auras inside the ninth sun. These auras belonged to him, Li Muwan, his parents, and the countless people he had met.

Standing beside the ninth sun, Wang Lin calmed down and closed his eyes. He stood there for a very long time, and it was unknown how much time passed before he opened them. There was enlightenment in his eyes.

“This ninth sun, the ninth divine retribution, the origin of divine retribution. This contains the fate of all sentient beings in the Inner and Outer Realms. This ninth divine retribution was the master plan. Anyone who was born in this cave would be recorded here…”

Looking at the ninth sun, there was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes. He wanted to destroy this divine retribution, and with his current cultivation level, he had a chance. However, to his understanding, the world would be plunged into chaos if he did this. After all, this world wasn’t natural; it was created by the seven-colored man.

While pondering, Wang Lin raised his right hand and pressed down on the ninth sun. His divine sense spread through his right hand and rushed into the ninth sun like a storm.

Wang Lin’s divine sense penetrated into the depth of the ninth sun. The inside of the sun was complete chaos, and as his divine sense spread out, he saw many things.

He saw the lives of countless mortals and cultivators. He saw the faces of many people he didn’t know. They all wore ancient clothes, and they had been dead for a very long time.

This ninth sun contained the fate of all living beings that had appeared since this world was created. It was like reincarnation, it was like law. It changed everything that had to do with luck and opportunity and reduced it all down to fate.

The ninth sun contained the so-called fate!

As Wang Lin’s divine sense spread out, and after an unknown amount of time, he found his own fate. This aura was extremely powerful and was very noticeable in this boundless chaos.

Looking at his own fate, Wang Lin silently pondered. After a long time, he made a decision. His divine sense spread out and surrounded his own fate. He devoured it and fused it with his divine sense.

The moment this fate was fused with him, Wang Lin’s divine sense changed greatly. His body trembled violently.

As he trembled, his body seemed to become complete, as if from now on, he could determine his own destiny. There was no force in this world that could change his fate!

This divine retribution couldn’t! Not even that seven-colored man could!

It was as if he had become complete, as if he had taken back his fate from heaven and broken free! Throughout the ages, mortals pursued the luxury of deciding their own fate, but since ancient times, almost none were able to.

Fate was fickle and the power of a mortal was limited. They could only struggle under fate and let out those unwilling roars. It was like an ant that was being held in a person’s hand. It could only let the person do what they wished, and it was unable to escape the palm.

Even in the end, when it died, it would die in the palm. Even its body would be placed where the palm desired and be laid to rest. But even this rest was controlled by fate.

People in the mortal world believed that if the king of hell wanted you to die, then no one could stay alive past dawn. The mortals had created the underworld and the king of hell because they were afraid of death.

This showed people’s fear and struggle against fate, but in the end, they were unable to escape.

Even if someone thought they did, they were merely deceiving themselves. Only today, only Wang Lin had taken his fate back and gained control of his own destiny!

After taking back his fate, he didn’t withdraw his divine sense. His divine sense continued to search the ninth sun, looking for his friends, relatives, and loved ones. He was going to take their fates back!

Even though a lot of them had died, Wang Lin wouldn’t allow them to be restricted by fate, even in death!!

As he continued to search, he found his father and mother. What made him tear up was that even though his parents were dead, their fates were still entangled together.

The love between his parents was calm and warm. Even in death, they still relied on each other.

His divine sense gently wrapped around his parents’ fates. He found Thirteen, Big Head, Zhou Yi, Qing Shuang, Qing Lin...

He found Master South Cloud, Master Hong Shan, Wang Zhuo, the old Vermillion Bird Divine Emperor, Dun Tian...

He found even more people. He found his own child, Wang Ping, and Zhou Ru. He took their fates so that they would no longer be controlled by the heavens, allowing them to escape heavens like he did.

He also found Red Butterfly, Mu Bingmei, Xizi Feng; he found all those faces he could not forget in his life.

There was also Li Qianmei.

However, as he continued to search, he couldn’t find Qing Shui, Situ Nan, and he even tried to find his missing teacher, the All-Seer. However, in the end, it was as if their fates had disappeared.

Wang Lin also couldn’t find another very important person. This person was his lover, and alongside his parents, she was someone who was as important as his life.

This woman was called Li Muwan.

No matter how hard Wang Lin searched, he couldn’t find Li Muwan’s fate’s aura. It was as if it had disappeared out of thin air. However, this was different from Qing Shui, Situ Nan, and the All-Seer. Their fates seemed to have never existed within the ninth sun.

There was a sign of Li Muwan’s fate existing, but someone seemed to have taken it one step ahead of him...
