Chapter 1700 – Decisive

Wang Lin tore off the ghostly face sail. He carefully looked at the ghostly face, and the ghostly face seemed to be staring back at him.

The reason Fan Shanmeng was able to use her Great Soul True Illusion and reach the level of double illusion while she was far away on the Immortal Astral Continent was because of this sail.

Wang Lin clearly remembered how he looked at the ghostly face before he ended the illusion within an illusion. After that, he was completely trapped until he broke the illusion, and when he opened his eyes, he was still looking at the ghostly face.

It seemed as if everything in that illusion had happened the instant Wang Lin looked at the ghostly face.

On the side, Fan Shanlu pondered silently for a moment and then slowly said, “This is the treasure of my Great Soul Sect and also the main soul sail of the Soul Devil Ship…”

“I don’t care about the matter between you two sisters. There is no need to exchange Oaths of Blood, as we share a common goal. If there no hidden intent, then we can cooperate.

“However, your elder sister’s behavior before was very interesting. Tell her that I’ll be taking this ghostly sail and this Soul Devil Ship as compensation for the unpleasantry that happened!” Wang Lin waved his right hand and put away the sail into his storage space as he looked at Fan Shanlu.

Fan Shanlu opened her mouth as if she wanted to say something, but in the end she remained silent. She silently stood there with a complicated expression in her eyes.

“You don’t need to leave this ship. I can leave this ship with you. When I need it, I’ll call you to bring it to me. Is the ancient altar you spoke of when we were in the illusion in this ship?” Wang Lin spoke, and there was a hint of coldness in his eyes.

Fan Shanlu pondered for a long time before shaking her head. She raised her hand and a jade flew toward Wang Lin. He caught it and saw there was a map inside.

“There are countless fierce beasts in the space here. This space was formed due to the battle that happened in the cave. Somehow, it connected to a strange world. If you follow the map, you will see an ancient altar.

“This jade also contains a spell. This is the spell I spoke of in the illusion that can devour the third soul. You should study it well,” Fan Shanlu spoke softly as she looked into the distance. Her gaze contained a hint of homesickness.

Wang Lin pondered for a moment and then clasped his hands at Fan Shanlu. Just as he was about to leave, Fan Shanlu’s quiet words echoed.

“My elder sister is so desperate for revenge that even I was used… We can cooperate, and I’ll do my best to help you. I only have one request: when you open the gate to the Immortal Astral Continent, take me with you… I want to go home...

“It is very difficult to open this cave. Only the third soul has the memory and knows where the Heavenly Dao is. Only by summoning the Heavenly Dao can you enter the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign’s celestial palace...

“The celestial palace was the location of the great war from back then. Although it is in ruins, there is a door there that leads to the Immortal Astral Continent. Opening that gate means opening up the cave.”

Wang Lin stopped. After pondering for a bit, he turned to look at the bleak Fan Shanlu and nodded.

“I promise you!” Wang Lin rarely made promises. This was his first promise since he reached the third step.

It wasn’t for any benefit, it had nothing to do with trust or anything. It was only because of what she had said.

“I want to go home…”

Fan Shanlu bit her lower lip and looked at Wang Lin. After hearing Wang Lin’s words, she nodded and bit the tip of her tongue. She spat out ball of blood that was scarlet red but soon turned golden as it flew toward Wang Li.

“This is my Oath of Blood!”

Wang Lin caught that pale golden blood and put it inside his body. He didn’t turn around and left.

Wang Lin no longer needed to study the restrictions on the ship. The world inside the double illusion was the same as the real world. All the knowledge Wang Lin had gained inside the illusion stayed with him.

Just like how Fan Shanlu was injured in the illusion and still had the same injuries after the illusion broke. The Great Soul Sect’s spells were indeed strange and unfathomable.

“That ghost face sail is the main sail for the Soul Devil Ship. The sail is not simply that ghostly face, it also contains many restrictions. These restrictions include everything about the Soul Devil Ship.

“If I refine this sail, not only can I master more restrictions, but I can also use it to control the ship!” Wang Lin’s divine sense entered his storage space and slowly refined the sail. As he refined, he gradually learned more about how to control the ship. As time passed, he would eventually gain full control over the ship.

A moment later, Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he no longer thought about the sail. He raised his hand and touched the spot between his eyebrows.

“Ye Mo’s child died by my hand and I absorbed eight drops of ancient blood. If I can fuse with them, it will make my ancient one body even stronger!

“Right now I must go look at the altar, perhaps I’ll find some luck there… Although I’m at the Spirit Void stage, I am still lacking compared to the Arcane Void cultivators...

“Now that the Ancient Celestial Realm has opened and the four generals have appeared, their goal should be to search for the third soul… That will save me a lot of trouble, and this is the perfect time to raise my cultivation level!” Wang Lin pondered as he moved faster and faster. His divine sense spread out to carefully observe his surroundings.

The sky was completely dark and the auras of fierce beasts lingered everywhere. These beasts were not a threat to Wang Lin; they would retreat in fear the moment his divine sense swept by.

In this foreign space, Wang Lin was very wary. Although the surrounding beasts were no threat to him, there was one thing he was uncertain of: whether or not the Seven-Colored Daoist had come here!

Although his divine sense was spread out, he was completely focused. If anything abnormal happened, he would escape. This was very dangerous, but he had to go to the altar.

If he became too scared to move around due to one uncertainty, then he wouldn’t have been able to reach the cultivation level he had today.

After several hours, Wang Lin suddenly stopped and his expression changed. Without hesitation, he rapidly retreated and was about to disappear.

However, just as he was about to disappear, he exclaimed and stared straight ahead. His expression was constantly changing.

His divine sense saw a figure sitting there, motionless, hundreds of thousands of kilometers away, sitting among the corpses of countless fierce beasts.

The figure’s expression was sometimes complicated, sometimes confused, sometimes resentful, and sometimes excited.

He was the Seven-Colored Daoist!

After pondering for a while, Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. The Seven-Colored Daoist looked extremely strange, but after pondering for a bit, Wang Lin realized that he seemed to be trapped in an illusion.

“This is likely Fan Shanmeng‘s illusion. Even the Seven-Colored Daoist is trapped. With his cultivation level, this illusion… This matter… Something is wrong with this!” Wang Lin was extremely smart, and after pondering a bit, he immediately realized the problem.

Wang Lin’s heart started pounding and a rare struggle appeared in his heart. On one hand he should immediately leave. In his current state, the Seven-Colored Daoist wouldn’t chase after Wang Lin.

Due to this, Wang Lin’s trip to the altar would be without danger.

On the other hand, Wang Lin felt like this was an opportunity. If he could enter Seven-Colored’s illusion, then he would be able to uncover some secrets. He felt that Fan Shanmeng’s cultivation level wasn’t high enough to trap the Seven-Colored Daoist; there had to be some other reason.

He faintly felt that if he gave up this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, he would definitely regret it in the future!

After struggling for seven to eight minutes, there was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes!

“Seek wealth in danger!” Wang Lin moved forward with full caution and his figure disappeared. When he reappeared, he was 100,000 feet away from the Seven-Colored Daoist.

There was a large amount of fierce beast corpses in the area. Wang Lin stood on one and looked down at it. His eyes slowly began to glow.

“These fierce beasts haven’t been dead for long…” Wang Lin looked at Seven-Colored in the distance. He raised his right hand and the corpse of a beast that was about 100 feet large floated upward. Wang Lin waved his hand and the corpse flew toward the Seven-Colored Daoist.

Wang Lin leaned slightly backwards as he stared at the corpse as it flew within 1,000 feet of the Seven-colored Daoist.

However, just as the corpse got within 1,000 feet, the seven-colored light behind the Seven-Colored Daoist shined. Then the corpse silently disappeared before Wang Lin.

There was no flesh or blood, no pieces left. It had disappeared completely.

“Sure enough!” Wang Lin silently pondered and cautiously walked forward. He was not fast and his heart pounded as he walked forward. He crossed the 100,000 feet distance and stopped 1,000 feet away from the Seven-Colored Daoist, where the corpse disappeared.

After pondering for a moment, Wang Lin clenched his teeth and sat down. His right hand pointed to the spot between his eyebrows and seemed to reach deep into his soul. Wang Lin’s vision became blurry as he pulled out his right hand and pointed at the Seven-Colored Daoist.

“May my dream enter your illusion, Dream Dao!”

Wang Lin’s finger pointed and he trembled. Blood flowed out from the corner of his mouth. The blur in his vision disappeared, and he remained sitting and nothing had changed.

The Dream Dao spell didn’t require direct physical contact, but the Seven-Colored Daoist had a high cultivation level and a barrier around him, so Wang Lin wasn’t able to enter his illusion with the Dream Dao.

Wang Lin frowned, revealing a reluctant expression.
