Chapter 1738 – Calm Body Guides the Heart!

The ninth cycle’s first breath!

Wang Lin closed his eyes. He tried using the true and false essence, but it had no effect, as if it was gone. Here, where it was true or false, everything depended on his heart.

Of Wang Lin’s heart had been triggered, then everything would move!

The moment Wang Lin closed his eyes, he suddenly reopened them. They were as calm as water. He understood that everything was merely a trial for his heart.

As long as his heart was calm, the world would be calm. However, it was difficult to calm his heart, especially with all the irritations around him. Although he looked calm now, he hadn’t completely calmed down yet.

Right now he had only calmed his body!

As Wang Lin’s body gradually calmed down, the planet before him suddenly slow down from its rapid vortex state. This change was really obvious, and it was several times slower in an instant.

The ninth cycle’s second breath!

After his body calmed down, the planet’s rotation suddenly slowed down. Although the planet was still a vortex, the dizziness, nauseousness, and madness all died down as if cold water had been poured on his heart. This allowed his heart to show signs of completely calming down.

As a result, Wang Lin’s soul calmed down!

With his soul calm, the planet’s vortex slowed down by several times. It seemed to stagger between being a planet and a vortex. It seemed almost unable to keep up its vortex-like state that made you dizzy.

The ninth cycle’s third breath!

The moment the third breath passed, after Wang Lin’s body and soul calmed down, his origin soul also calmed down. With his origin soul calm, Wang Lin felt like he was floating there with his white hair fluttering. His face was no longer pale and was simply calm.

In his view, planet Five Elements’ rotation slowed down even more, and it was no longer a vortex. It had returned to the appearance of a planet, and although he still couldn’t see the scenery on the planet clearly, he could detect the speed with just his eyes.

Looking at planet Five Elements, Wang Lin slowly smiled. This smile was very peaceful, without any anger. It was as if he had seen through everything.

Time went by. The fourth, fifth, and sixth breaths of the ninth cycle passed...

At this moment, it was completely silent on planet Five Elements. All the cultivators looked at the sky with indescribable shock in their eyes.

In particular, the old man in the golden robe’s face was pale as he murmured something. He still couldn’t believe what he was seeing. This was beyond his imagination and expectations; in his mind, this was impossible.

He didn’t belong to the Cave World; he was from the Gui Yi Sect on the Immortal Astral Continent. He was far too aware of the terror and power of the Nine Cycle Heart Wheel Formation. This formation was famous on the Immortal Astral Continent!

He never thought that a cave world cultivator would show signs of breaking the formation in such a short period of time. Although the formation here was much weaker than the one on the Immortal Astral Continent, this was a real Nine Cycle Heart Wheel Formation!

“This is impossible… Even if he was able to comprehend the formation, it had already reached the ninth cycle. Time is limited, and it’s impossible for his heart to calm down in time during the ninth cycle!!” The old man in the golden robe clenched his fist and muttered words he wasn’t certain about.

Beside him, Na Duo revealed fear in his eyes as he noticed the change where Wang Lin was. He was far too aware of the strangeness of the formation. He gasped and wasn’t able to say a word for a long time.

Huge waves set off his head, and he felt an inexplicable fear toward Wang Lin.

Outside planet Five Elements, Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo’s eyes revealed a strange light as he looked at Wang Lin. The light in his eyes grew brighter and brighter. He had seen everything Wang Lin had done, and his heart began beating rapidly.

“Because he couldn’t calm down in an instant, he first calmed his body. Using his body as an anchor to calm his soul. Then he used his soul as a guide to calm his origin soul. His origin soul then seized the heart and calmed it down...

“As a result of the body, soul, and origin soul calming down, the heart would naturally calm down… It’s rare for someone to think of such a method in such a short period of time!! Such comprehension is rare!!

“I’ll take this child as my disciple!” Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo revealed excitement rarely shown even in 10,000 years.

The ninth cycle’s eighth breath!

Wang Lin’s heart completely calmed down at this moment. He stood there with a smile on his face. The rotation of planet Five Elements had slowed down to the point where it could hardly be noticed. The planet appeared clearly before Wang Lin.

When the ninth breath arrived, planet Five Elements no longer rotated at all and completely stopped in Wang Lin’s eyes!

If he wanted to, he only needed to take one step forward to walk out of the Nine Cycle Heart Wheel and enter the planet, but he didn’t do so. Throughout his life, after suffering a loss, he always got his payback. He had nearly died due to his mental energy being drained just now, and if he simply endured it, he wouldn’t be Wang Lin!

“I don’t know the name of this formation, but it changes every nine breaths, and now it has changed a total of nine times… After each change, it rotates even faster, so it wouldn’t be wrong to call it the Nine Cycle Heart Wheel.

“How can this formation turn and stop as you wish?” There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes and his right hand pointed forward at planet Five Elements. Then his hand drew a circle in reverse.

“If the heart moves, then the planet moves. Since my heart has reversed, then this planet will reverse as well. You all wanted to trap me inside the formation, now you can all taste how wonderful this formation is!” Wang Lin’s right hand drew several circles in a row.

When his right hand moved, planet Five Elements, which had stopped moving, began to rotate again. However, this time it was rotating in reverse!

As it rotated in reverse, Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo began to laugh. He was filled with admiration toward Wang Lin.

“This child fits my temper. Very good, very good!”

At the same time, opposite of Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo’s joy were the cultivators on planet Five Elements. They were looking at the sky, but the clouds suddenly scattered and the sky rapidly changed. The sky was no longer blue or bright; it was instead replaced with the void outside planet Five Elements!

All the cultivators of the Gui Yi Sect saw a planet in this void. It was planet Five Elements!

This feeling was very mysterious. They were clearly on planet Five Elements, but they were seeing planet Five Elements. This immediately made the hearts of everyone who saw it tremble.

The old man in the golden robe also trembled. After being startled, his expression changed greatly.

“Not good!”

In an instant, the planet Five Elements in their vision began to rotate. As the rumbling echoed, the planet rotated even faster.

The heart moves, so the planet moves!

The sudden scene caused a disturbance in their hearts and thus they became trapped in the Nine Cycle Heart Wheel!

In their eyes, the planet’s rotation had already turned into a vortex, and this was only the eighth breath of the first cycle!

One by one, the cultivators coughed out blood and continued to retreat. They were terrified, and screams of panic echoed.

The second cycle suddenly arrived!

Na Duo coughed out blood and immediately closed his eyes. However, the pain and dizziness made it impossible to calm down, so he could only resist. But the more he resisted, the faster the planet rotated in his mind.

The fear from back then filled his mind again. This caused Na Duo to go crazy from fear.

There was also the old man in the golden robe. His face was deathly pale. His right hand immediately pointed to the spot between his eyebrows, trying to force himself to calm down. However, the screams and calls for help disturbed him again and again, making it hard for him to calm down quickly.

In his view, planet Five Elements rotation had turned into a vortex, and the feeling of vertigo made him feel irritated and crazy. His mental energy was being rapidly consumed and he was losing control.

At this moment, the formation reached the fourth cycle!

The moment it entered the fourth cycle, all the cultivators besides Na Duo and the old man in the golden robe passed out. Although they had passed out, the pain on their faces was still there and was getting stronger.

Their mental energy was being rapidly drained and their bodies rapidly withered. Aside from their mental energy, their life force was also being exhausted!

Na Duo was suffering as well. He barely lasted for a moment into the fourth cycle before passing out.

Only the old man in the golden robe was still struggling. The veins on his face were swollen and there was madness in his eyes as he let out a roar. In his eyes, he saw the reflection of planet Five Elements. It was rotating so fast that it was only a vortex, and it was impossible to tell that it was actually a planet!

Time passed. The fifth and sixth cycles passed. Just as the seventh cycle came, the old man in the golden robe coughed out blood and his face showed signs of withering.

Just at this moment!

Three roars came from the seventh, sixth, and fifth floors of the tower. At the same time, three old figures flew out from the tower and used some unknown spell. The three of them waved their sleeve at the stars!

A thunderous rumble spread across the world and turned into endless echoes that continued to rumble.

As the thunderous rumbles echoed, the sky collapsed and the rotating planet Five Elements collapsed. Everything in the sky was torn apart by force!

Wang Lin’s white figure appeared in the sky of planet Five Elements when the formation was torn apart!
