Chapter 1753 – 300 Destroyed Worlds

The moment Wang Lin disappeared, the black gas around the furnace began to swirl rapidly and roar.

Black ripples spread out from the furnace, and the world here became distorted, as if countless shadows had appeared.

A face gradually appeared on the front of the giant furnace. This face was very large and took up almost half of the front of the furnace.

Although the face was blurry, from a distance, one could see that it was Wang Lin’s face.

The furnace was the core of the cave. It was very mysterious; anyone who entered would have their face appear on the furnace as if it was a soul seal.

The moment he entered the furnace, what appeared before Wang Lin was a dark world. It seemed endless but also like he could cross it with one step.

There was only one thing in the world: a large, yellow flower. The earth was its roots and the sky was its leaves. The blooming flower was a world of its own.

This flower was very simple and only had five petals. It had no fragrance, but if you looked at the flower, you would have the illusion that it didn’t exist.

There were some fine drops of dew on the huge flower, exactly 300 of them!

The 300 drops of dew shined brightly, making this scene look like a dream.

Wang Lin stood there, and the flower was before him. Wang Lin calmly looked at the flower before him. He had the third soul, and although he hadn’t completely fused with it, he had access to some memories, including information about the core of the cave.

“This must be the 300 destroyed worlds…” Wang Lin muttered.

In the memory of the third soul, this was the core of the cave and where the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign would go for his closed door cultivation. Once broken into, this place’s protective measures would active to prevent people from entering.

However, due to the death of the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign, the invasion of Lian Daofei, and the betrayal of some of the Seven Dao Sect disciples along with the concubines, a lot of the protective measures had been destroyed and some had changed.

Wang Lin was worried about the changes from the memories of the third soul. When he saw the yellow flower and the 300 drops of dew, he relaxed.

“It looks like the first flower is the same as the memory from the third soul, nothing changed here.”

The 300 destroyed worlds, Wang Lin had learned about them from the memories of the third soul. When the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign first attempted to create the cave world, he failed 300 times!

Although these 300 attempts had failed, worlds had still been created. Although they were incomplete and lacked a lot of required elements, they still existed. They were not used by the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign. In the end he created the 301st world, which was today’s cave world.

The Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign was unwilling to discard these 300 failures, so he had refined them to protect this place, turning them into 300 drops of dew! If the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign was still alive, his divine sense could spread into the 300 destroyed worlds and change some laws of these worlds!

Every drop of dew was its own world!

“Since the 300 destroyed worlds still remain, then I’ll need to change my plans slightly. This can be the first hunting ground!

“I currently can’t hunt the Seven-Colored Daoist and Old Ghost Zhan, but as for the rest, with the help of the 300 destroyed worlds, I’m confident in killing some of them...

“The more I kill, the greater my power in dealing with remaining two souls will be!” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. There was a secret about the cave hidden in the third soul.

This secret was something outsiders wouldn’t know. Forget the Seven-Colored Daoist and Old Ghost Zhan, who had no memories, not even the four generals and the concubines knew of this. This was the ultimate ace the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign had left in the cave world!

If it wasn’t for the fact that Lian Daofei had appeared too suddenly and already being seriously injured, the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign wouldn’t have had to summon the Heavenly Dao to devour Lian Daofei at all. The result of that war back then would have been completely different.

It was because of this secret that Wang Lin was confident to begin hunting here! Also, to use this ace, he had to kill enough here!

“300 destroyed worlds, very interesting…” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he stepped forward. He closed in on the flower and entered one of the dew drops.

Ripples echoed on the drop as if a vortex had appeared. Wang Lin disappeared within and the ripples gradually calmed down.

The drop of dew didn’t look big, but there was another world inside. The world in the drop expanded endlessly. Although he had some idea going in, once he saw everything, he was still shocked.

He was in a star system!

This star system was bright and filled with nebulas, but it was completely silent without any trace of light. Wang Lin’s divine sense gradually spread across the star system.

Its size was equivalent to the Brilliant Void, and there weren’t many planets. There was a total of nine planets, but there was no life force coming from them. There was nothing on them!

Thanks to the memories of the third soul, Wang Lin knew that the 300 destroyed worlds were roughly divided into three types. The first type was where the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign stored celestial beasts he had brought from the Immortal Astral Continent. Over the countless years, they either died or mutated into something very powerful.

The second type contained groups of mortals he had captured on the Immortal Astral Continent. He had allowed them to reproduce here and was going to observe them long-term. He was trying to use this method to learn the secret of the Heavenly Dao.

As for the third type, these worlds had no people, no beasts, and no life at all. Even the laws of these worlds were not set. Once enemies broke in, the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign could set the law based on the enemy.

The third type of destroyed world was divided into two categories. The first was where the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign had never set any laws, and the other was where he had set the laws, and they had been maintained over the countless years.

If one wasn’t as powerful as Lian Daofei and had the Immortal Celestial Body, it would take them a lot of effort to break through the 300 destroyed worlds. If they were a bit careless, they could die here.

In particular, no one knew what kind of changes could have taken place over the countless years in the first type of destroyed worlds, and that was where the danger lay.

Wang Lin’s understanding of the 300 destroyed worlds wasn’t complete because he hadn’t completely merged with the third soul. He only knew about 70% to 80% of the information.

At this moment, he looked around and his eyes lit up.

“This should be the third type of destroyed world! I just don’t know if this is the first or second category…” Wang Lin stepped forward and charged into the distance at an extremely fast speed.

His figure appeared within the nine planets in the sky. He quickly moved through them as if he was looking for something, but he still didn’t find it in the end.

Time slowly passed. Wang Lin had entered half an hour early, and with the time he had spent placing the restrictions, not much time remained.

Standing on the ninth planet, Wang Lin frowned.

“The third soul doesn’t have any memories of establishing the laws. It seems like the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign only needed to spread out his divine sense and he could change the laws of the third type of destroyed world…” A moment later, Wang Lin’s divine sense spread out and swept the area again and again. Then his eyes suddenly narrowed.

He vaguely felt an invisible ripple across the void. This ripple seemed to be constantly echoing, but it was well hidden and difficult to detect.

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and locked onto the ripple. Just as the half hour head start was about to end, he sensed that the ripple had come from the fifth planet.

Wang Lin’s suddenly disappeared. When he appeared on the fifth planet, he charged toward a mountain peak.

The mountain was bald and looked like a sword that pierced the clouds. Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. The ripple he felt had come from this mountain.

“Could it be here..” Wang Lin’s divine sense locked onto this mountain. However, no matter how he checked, this mountain looked very ordinary.

“I’ll know once I try! I’m the first person to come to this world, and I establish the law to suppress all celestial bloodlines!” Wang Lin sent out a message toward the mountain. When his message was sent, the world rumbled and the planet trembled violently as if it was going to collapse.

A hidden law seemed to appear, but just as it was about to appear, there was a loud rumble and everything calmed down.

Wang Lin still floated there and frowned.

“This destroyed world doesn’t have the power to form such a law… Then let’s change it to something else…”

Just as Wang Lin was setting the law, the storm around the door disappeared and the door to the core of the cave opened completely. The Seven-Colored Daoist and Old Ghost Zhan rushed in. The rest of the people outside slowly entered as well.

The Seven-Colored Daoist was the first to enter, and he looked around before frowning. He charged forward through the ruins toward the furnace. The ruins didn’t react to him, and he disappeared into the furnace.

Behind him, Old Ghost Zhan also disappeared into the furnace.

On the left and right sides of the furnace, the faces of the Seven-Colored Daoist and Old Ghost Zhan appeared. Their faces were shrouded by black gas and looked a little terrifying.

The third to enter was the Sovereign. Just as he was about to step through the ruins, his expression changed and he stopped. His eyes lit up and his hands formed a seal. He turned invisible to hide himself.

Behind him, Dao Master Blue Dream arrived, and his eyes narrowed as he looked at the ruins below. He suddenly smiled and walked forward until he entered the furnace, but the ruins below him didn’t change at all.

The Sovereign, who was hidden on the side, couldn’t help but frown.
