Chapter 1785 – Burning Wings of Desire to Reach the Immortal Astral Continent

A gap opened in the door and the aura of the Immortal Astral Continent rushed in. The world collapsed behind Wang Lin, and Old Ghost Zhan appeared.

The shadow wearing the cape revealed a monstrous, ghostly light in his eyes and stared at Wang Lin. For some unknown reason, a sense of life and death had rushed into his heart when the door opened.

Wang Lin stood beside the door and turned to look at Old Ghost Zhan in the distance. The aura from the Immortal Astral Continent rushed in through the gap. This made Wang Lin’s Ancient Dao bloodline cheer, and his blood flow accelerated.

It seemed to be absorbing this aura.

The sense of danger in Old Ghost Zhan’s heart became even stronger. He didn’t close in but began to speak in the distance. “Even if you open the door, you won’t dare to leave! Although I don’t have the memories of the third soul, there is still some instinct left in the souls. There is a barrier between the cave world and the Immortal Astral Continent. Only those with the bloodline of the Immortal Astral Continent can leave!

“Even if you have the call of the bloodline and can leave, if you don’t hand over the third soul, then I’ll kill everyone you care about the moment you leave this cave!

“Now that the door has been opened, there is no deep feud between us. Give me the third soul and I’ll leave this place and never return to the cave world!” Old Ghost Zhan’s words seem to contain a strange force.

Wang Lin didn’t speak. He couldn’t hand over the third soul. To him, this soul was not the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign Su Dao, but his disciple, Xie Qing.

While silently pondering, Wang Lin raised his right hand and two ghostly lights flashed. These two balls of light gave off a ghostly glow. Inside were blood lines. These were Xie Qing’s heart blood!

Xie Qing was a reincarnation of the third soul, and at the cost of his life, he had formed three seals. One was for his own soul, and the other two had been given to Wang Lin. This was the last thing he had done for his teacher before he died.

After these two seals fused with the aura from the Immortal Astral Continent, they would have the power to seal the other two souls!

The moment the two seals appeared, the large amount of Immortal Astral Continent aura that came through the small gap in the door rushed toward Wang Lin’s right hand. The aura quickly fused with the seal.

The ghostly light suddenly increased as if two ghostly suns had appeared in Wang Lin’s right hand. Wang Lin’s body was a blur inside this light, and even the door behind Wang Lin was eventually shrouded. The door looked hazy from afar.

However, the power of this seal wasn’t complete; it was still absorbing the aura from the Immortal Astral Continent. The door was only opened a sliver, so the absorption rate was a bit slow.

When Old Ghost Zhan felt the sealing power, his pupils shrank. He finally understood why he was feeling a life and death crisis. This came from the sealing force that appeared after the seal began absorbing the Immortal Astral Continent aura!

There was a flash of coldness in Old Ghost Zhan’s eyes and he charged at Wang Lin without hesitation. He knew it wasn’t time to retreat, even though the sense of danger was very strong; otherwise, the consequences would be unimaginable!

He moved very fast and instantly arrived within 1,000 feet of Wang Lin. Old Ghost Zhan raised his hand and a golden “battle” character shot toward Wang Lin. At the same time, an overlapping shadow appeared over the Seven-Colored soul shadow around Old Ghost Zhan. The soul of the Seven-Colored Daoist suddenly appeared. His body gave off a seven-colored glow and rushed toward Wang Lin.

Shortly after, the soul covered in a cape opened his arms. The cape on his body extended like a wave and flew toward Wang Lin.

Wang Lin’s expression was calm and the two seals in his hand were still absorbing the aura from the Immortal Astral Continent. As Old Ghost Zhan and the two Seven-Colored souls closed in, he raised his left hand and pushed forward.

With this, Wang Lin’s eight essence true bodies all appeared and pushed their hands forward.

Thunderous rumbles echoed, and the collapsing fifth flower dissipated, rapidly revealing Dao Master Blue Dream, the old man named Ma from Planet Five Elements, Tang Shan, and others.

There were also the seriously injured Black Tortoise General and Vermillion Bird General.

The moment the essence true bodies came out, Old Ghost Zhan’s expression changed. He didn’t have the memories from the third soul, so he didn’t recognize them. However, the old man named Ma’s eyes were filled with fear and disbelief when he saw the essence true bodies!

“Essence true body!!! This… This is essence true body. It is already very rare for one person to have just one essence true body, but he… he actually has eight!!!

“Rumor has it that aside from going to the Primordial God Realm, there is another method to obtain the essence true body! Although his method was never proven, it shows how rare it is!”

Thunderous rumbles echoed. Wang Lin and his eight essence true bodies attacked at the same time. Old Ghost Zhan, the Seven-Colored soul, and the soul with the cape all trembled, and they were forced back!

This was the first time Wang Lin had faced Old Ghost Zhan upfront and forced Old Ghost Zhan back!

Wang Lin’s body trembled. A powerful force entered his body through his left hand and entered the eight essence true bodies behind him.

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. Borrowing this force, his left hand drew an arc and he retreated to press his left hand on the door.

The door rumbled, and at the same time, the eight essence true bodies also retreated and smashed into the door.

As the thunderous rumbles echoed, the door was pushed back even more - from just a crack until it was opened nearly 30%!

At this moment, the door no longer needed someone to push it open. As the powerful Immortal Astral Continent rushed in, the door slowly opened on its own, wider and wider.

At the same time, even more Immortal Astral Continent aura rushed out and fused with the two seals in Wang Lin’s hand. As the expression of Old Ghost Zhan changed greatly, Wang Lin raised his right hand.

Old Ghost Zhan’s eyes were filled with fear. He didn’t have time to hesitate, and quickly retreated. Wang Lin looked at the seal in his hand. He faintly saw Xie Qing, and sadness filled his eyes.

“Xie Qing… You’re my disciple and also my master…” Wang Lin let out a sigh and waved his right hand. The two seals flew out toward the escaping Old Ghost Zhan.

These seals were like fate; no matter how fast Old Ghost Zhan was, he couldn’t escape fate.

Those two seals instantly closed in on Old Ghost Zhan. Before Old Ghost Zhan’s terrified expression, the first seal charged for his forehead.

Old Ghost Zhan let out a roar and his hands formed a seal. As a spell appeared, the soul with the cape around him revealed fear in his eyes. He waved his hand and light shot out toward the seal.

However, all spells and lights were unable to stop this seal. It was as if nothing existed before it. The seal penetrated through everything and gently landed between the eyebrows of the shadow with the cape around Old Ghost Zhan.

The moment it landed, the soul with the cape let out a miserable scream. A shadow that overlapped it appeared, and it instantly changed into the Seven-Colored soul. The seal ultimately landed between the eyebrows of the Seven-Colored soul.

A thunderous rumble echoed as the seal exploded and surrounded the Seven-Colored soul. From a distance, it looked like a net, and the Seven-Colored soul shrank with the net until it was only the size of a fist. The light from the soul dimmed.

At this moment, Old Ghost Zhan rapidly retreated, and ripples appeared under his feet. The soul with the cape around Old Ghost Zhan was filled with endless fear as he watched the seal imprint between his eyebrows. The seal dissipated and shrouded his body.

In the distance, Dao Master Blue Dream and company were filled with shock. They didn’t expect Wang Lin to have such a thing prepared. The old man named Ma and Yun Yifeng looked at Wang Lin with very complicated gazes.

They originally thought that Xuan Luo would help with the matter in the cave world in the end. But Xuan Luo hadn’t appeared at all, and everything until now relied on Wang Lin.

The soul with the cape that entered Old Ghost Zhan was captured by the neck and shrank until it was only the size of a fist. All connection with Old Ghost Zhan was severed.

The moment the connection was cut off, Old Ghost Zhan’s eyes immediately became dim and black blood flowed out from his mouth. Although his eyes had no light, they became clear.

He looked around, and in the end, his gaze fell on Wang Lin, then the door behind Wang Lin. Looking at the door that was opening, Old Ghost Zhan smiled.

“You’re excellent… My lifelong dream was to open the door to this cave, but… Back then, I failed my Arcane Tribulant and was forced to fuse with him…” Old Ghost Zhan’s body gave off bursts of black gas. His skin withered and large amounts of black liquid dripped from it. He was melting and dying.

“I should have died many years ago… You’ve completed my dream and freed me… Wang Lin, thank you…” His voice was very weak, and half his body had already dissipated.

However, the remaining half-body turned into a ray of red light. His eyes shined as if he had erupted the last of his life force and charged at the half-opened door.

Even if he was going to die, he had to see the Immortal Astral Continent he had longed for all his life...

Wang Lin didn’t stop him. He watched Old Ghost Zhan’s half-body rush toward the door and watched Old Ghost Zhan disappear outside the door.
