Chapter 1794 – A Promise to Teacher to Guard the Ancient Race

The dragon’s body was the path to reincarnation. It led far away, with no end in sight. This path was not suitable for Wang Lin. He stood on the dragon and looked at the ice and then into the distance.

For an instant, he seemed to be able to see Li Qianmei and company make their way down the road toward reincarnation.

“Wang Lin, if you want to protect the soul, then you must take her and force your way to the Immortal Astral Continent. To resist the law of the Immortal Astral Continent, you must leave this road. You may become lost, you may die…” Xuan Luo’s voice echoed in Wang Lin’s heart.

“The law of the Immortal Astral Continent is invisible and can be felt in the form of pressure. If you can resist it, then you may be able to walk out!

“However, even with me helping, there is only 50% chance of it succeeding… Since ancient times, I have never heard of a Grand Empyrean help someone resist the law of the Immortal Astral Continent. You should be the first… This is your own fate, so there is no need to be too grateful toward this old man.

“If you can walk out, this old man will take you as my disciple and take you back to the Ancient Dao clan! If you end up dying… I’ll help you take care of the people that reincarnated… You… Take care!” Xuan Luo let out a sigh. He had really taken a liking to Wang Lin. He intended to pass everything to Wang Lin and let Wang Lin guard the Ancient Dao clan during his reincarnation period.

He even planned to help Wang Lin see if it was possible to enter the Immemorial God Realm and become the 10th sun. Although this matter was unpredictable and difficult, he had thought of it.

“The Immortal Astral Continent has countless cave worlds, and almost every sect has their own cave world. If you want life to appear in a cave world, you need a Heavenly Dao. Although there aren’t many Heavenly Daos, they aren’t rare either.

“Throughout the passage of time, I can imagine countless lives in the cave worlds have opened the door and tried to walk out, but they all died to the law of the Immortal Astral Continent...

“When you follow the dragon road toward the Immortal Astral Continent, you might see many portals. These portals are the other cave worlds of the Immortal Astral Continent. You will also see countless bodies; they are those that died over the countless years to the law of the Immortal Astral Continent.

“I don’t know what kind of consequences there will be when someone from the cave world enters the Immortal Astral Continent, but I hope you will be the first to succeed!

“I can’t stay for too long in the celestial land. I’ll wait for you for 10 years… If you’re not out in 10 years, you should be dead…” Xuan Luo’s words contained a sense of age as they echoed in Wang Lin’s mind. His figure appeared before Wang Lin.

His gaze was kind as he looked at Wang Lin like he was looking as his own descendent.

“With the law of the Immortal Astral Continent, I can’t leave any mark on you to see how far you have traveled or if you’re safe. The only thing I can use to judge is time… 10 years. Wang Lin, after 10 years, my spell that is helping you resist the law of the Immortal Astral Continent will break. The power of the law of the Immortal Astral Continent will reach its peak. Perhaps only a firm heart would make sure you’re not lost...

“You need to arrive on the Immortal Astral Continent in 10 years…”

Wang Lin silently pondered as he looked at Xuan Luo. He would forever remember everything Xuan Luo had done for him.

“Now, before you leave, tell me: are you willing to take me as your teacher?” Xuan Luo’s voice was gentle. When it entered Wang Lin’s ears, it was warm.

The determination to still be willing to accept Wang Lin right now instead of waiting until Wang Lin had made it to the Immortal Astral Continent made Wang Lin’s heart tremble.

“Teacher…” Wang Lin no longer had any reason to not accept this heavy kindness and responsibility. Wang Lin understood that this meant that he now had a connection and responsibility toward the Ancient Dao clan that he could not give up.

This meant he would protect the Ancient Dao Clan, even if he would have to pay the price with his life!

This was meant to repay everything Xuan Luo had done for him.

Xuan Luo laughed. He was very happy. He looked at Wang Lin and helped Wang Lin stand up. He carefully looked at Wang Lin, and his laughter echoed.

“Disciple, Teacher will wait for you on the Immortal Astral Continent!” As Xuan Luo spoke, he waved his right hand and a part of the ice along the dragon road melted, creating a gap. Bursts of ghostly light came from the gap. This light was part of the law of the Immortal Astral Continent.

“You’re my disciple, so I’ll give you a gift for becoming my disciple!” Xuan Luo hit his forehead with his right hand and bit the tip of his tongue to spit out a mouthful of blood. The blood gave off a red glow and turned into a blood dragon. The blood dragon roared as it surrounded Wang Lin and took him toward the gap in the ice.

“Teacher is one of the nine suns, so a mouthful of my essence blood will protect you for a while. I’ll now cast the spell to help you resist the law of the Immortal Astral Continent!” Wang Lin rushed toward the gap with the blood dragon. His right hand reached toward the void and rays of ghostly light flew out.

These rays of ghostly light were all the living things and souls in Wang Lin’s storage space. Aside from the madman, almost everyone was there!

Xu Liguo, Liu Jinbiao, the mosquito beasts, and so on; everyone that was inside Wang Lin’s storage space appeared. Even the Moongazer Serpent, which was too big, showed signs of appearing.

“These creatures have followed Disciple for a long time, I ask Teacher to send them to the Immortal…” Just as Wang Lin spoke, the group of mosquito beasts led by Wang Lin’s mosquito king revealed madness in their eyes. They desperately flew out toward the gap in the ice.

It seemed there was something they desired a lot outside, and they rushed out like crazy. This sudden change shocked Wang Lin, and even Xuan Luo was startled.

The invisible law of the Immortal Astral Continent filled the dark void. However, the mosquito beasts didn’t show any discomfort but began to go through a shocking change.

Their bodies rapidly expanded, their heads became even larger, and popping sound echoed in their bodies. They gave off a ghostly glow, and, looking at how comfortable they looked, this was like their real home!

However, shortly after, a shocking changed occured. For some reason, as the mosquito beasts felt comfortable, they let out painful screams. A large amount of mosquito beasts exploded as they howled in pain.

They turned into a mist of blood and flesh and dissipated. Wang Lin was surprised and was about to rescue them when those that didn’t collapse expanded once more until each one was the size of a mountain. However, soon, even more mosquito beasts collapsed, but the rest continued to grow.

In particular, Wang Lin’s mosquito king was covered in blood, letting out miserable roars. It seemed to be fighting a certain kind of force and seemed to be fusing with something.

Wang Lin and the mosquito king had a deep connection and was about to help without hesitation, but he was stopped by Xuan Luo. The mosquito king also saw Wang Lin’s intent to help, but it struggled to fly away. It looked at Wang Lin with determination in its eyes.

“Don’t stop, your herd of beasts is extraordinary!” Xuan Luo’s eyes shined as he stared at the mosquito beast, and his voice was serious.

“They are adapting to the void filled with the law of the Immortal Astral Continent… And from their appearance, their ancestors used to live in a place like this a long time ago. For them, it is like returning to their hometown. Their souls can sense that this is their home, but they didn’t grow up here. This is causing a problem with their souls and leading to their deaths!

“This is like a fish that has adapted to life out of the water, but then, when returning to the water, they are likely to drown! You shouldn’t stop them, it is an important metamorphosis for them!” Xuan Luo stared at the mosquito beasts and pondered.

Just as Xuan Luo spoke more, a large amount of mosquito beasts died, and now less than 100 remained. However, each of them was shockingly large. Their bodies expanded like crazy and their expressions revealed pain.

Although countless had died, not a single mosquito beast chose to retreat. Their minds were clear, and they could feel that this opportunity was the most critical one for their evolution. Once they succeeded, they could become like their ancestors!

Their memories of their ancestors from their souls erupted as they expanded.

In particular, Wang Lin’s mosquito king was the largest and was shocking. Its body was hundreds of thousands of feet tall, about the same size as the one Wang Lin had seen in the rift back in the Wind Celestial Realm in the past.

A terrifying aura erupted from its body.

Half an incense of time passed. Wang Lin was anxious, and now the less than 100 remaining mosquito beasts collapsed once more. This time, Wang Lin could no longer wait. He would rather see the mosquito beast fail its evolution than see it die!

The mosquito king was like a relative to Wang Lin; it had accompanied him for more than 2,000 years! As the mosquito beasts collapsed, Wang Lin rushed out from the ice and charged at the collapsing mosquito beasts.

As he closed in, a heaven-shaking roar came from the collapse. Nine roars followed that.

These sounds connected together, and even the void filled with the law of the Immortal Astral Continent trembled!

As the mosquito beasts collapsed, the mosquito king rushed out. It was the size of a planet, and its large mouth was big enough to make anyone’s scalp go numb.

Behind him, nine golden mosquito beasts followed. Each of them was as large as the mosquito king Wang Lin had seen back in the Wind Celestial Realm. They all gave off a ferocious aura, and when Xuan Luo saw this, his eyes lit up!

“Rumor has it that the Immortal Astral Continent was a wasteland at the beginning. Then the God Realm appeared and created life. Then stars appeared, but was under the continent!

“Then the law of the Immortal Astral Continent descended like the sea. Nine different beasts appeared at the same time as the Ancient Ancestor. This… This beast can fuse with the chaos of the Immortal Astral Continent. Could… they…” Xuan Luo’s eyes widened and were filled with disbelief.
