Chapter 1795 – A Thought of the Emperor, Roots of Trouble Appear

Wang Lin felt excitement in his heart. He looked at the remaining 10 mosquito beasts and at his mosquito king. He rushed out with the blood dragon around him and landed on the mosquito king’s head.

“Teacher, we’ll meet on the Immortal Astral Continent!” Wang Lin turned and clasped his hands at Xuan Luo. The mosquito king let out a fierce howl and charged into the depths with Wang Lin.

Behind him, the nine mosquito beasts followed like guards!

Xuan Luo looked at the disappearing Wang Lin through the gap in the ice. After a long time, he closed his eyes and waved his hand. The gap in the ice shrank and was sealed.

“That mosquito-like beast, could it be one of the nine beasts that was born in the law of the Immortal Astral Continent along with the Ancient Ancestor… If it’s true, then Wang Lin’s future is not something I can predict… He… It is likely he will become the 10th sun of the Immortal Astral Continent by himself!

“If he really becomes the 10th Grand Empyrean, my Ancient Dao clan will exist forever!!” Xuan Luo’s face turned a little ruddy. He was shocked by the mosquito absorbing the law of the Immortal Astral Continent. At this moment, countless thoughts flashed through his mind.

After a long time, Xuan Luo walked into the distance along the dragon path. Around his body, a blood-colored sun appeared. This blood-colored sun shrouded the surroundings and resisted the law of the Immortal Astral Continent!

The light of the blood-colored sun faintly pierced out from the surrounding ice and lit up the void. Using this method, he battled against the law of the Immortal Astral Continent by himself!

The endless void between the cave world and the Immortal Astral Continent contained the law of the Immortal Astral Continent. It wasn’t only connected to Wang Lin’s cave world but to all the cave worlds on the Immortal Astral Continent.

Since ancient times, countless genius of the cave worlds had found out the truth after being unwilling to accept fate. They had used different methods to eventually enter this void outside the cave worlds.

However, not one of them had ever successfully entered the Immortal Astral Continent; they had all died here. It has been like this since forever.

Similarly, many powerful people on the Immortal Astral Continent had tried to enter this void. They wanted to try to comprehend the law here, or even use this place to enter the cave world of another sect.

Perhaps some people had succeeded, but they were very few, and it was easy to get lost here. As a result, very few people had ever entered this place.

Wang Lin would occasionally see corpses float by him, and they would remain floating here for an eternity.

“The void is like the sea… Perhaps this place can be seen as a sea filled with the law of the Immortal Astral Continent…” Wang Lin, sitting on the back of the mosquito king, looked at the endless void before him. There was no sound, no light, and no trace of life.

This place was dead silent!

People would go mad from the extreme silence. The longer they stayed here, the more restless their mind would become! Even those with a firm mind would find it difficult to calm down.

More importantly, it was easy to get lost here. Once you were lost, you would never find the way out. Even if you saw portals, they are just doors to the cave worlds of other sects. You wouldn’t be able to leave.

Wang Lin’s purpose was to take Li Muwan’s soul with him, so he could not let himself get lost.

The more he moved forward, the stronger the law of the Immortal Astral Continent became. It was a pressure that was everywhere and prevented people from moving forward.

Some people used the power of the pressure to determine the direction, but the law of the Immortal Astral Continent was everywhere. Aside from the fact that the pressure became stronger the further one went, there was another unique characteristic: time.

The more time you spent here, the stronger the pressure became.

Wang Lin was already accustomed to loneliness, not to mention he had the mosquito beast with him. He told himself he was not lonely. He also had the blood dragon around him. Aside from reducing the power of the law of the Immortal Astral Continent, it also had the purpose of guiding him.

Time slowly passed like this. For the first month, Wang Lin was very calm as he moved through the void. He looked at the corpses that occasionally appeared. He could feel the unwillingness from these corpses.

Perhaps they people were like him, geniuses of a cave world, but now they had been dead for an unknown amount of years.

After one year, even Wang Lin felt uneasy with this silence. He hadn’t spoken a word during this year, and his eyes seemed to integrate with the darkness. Whether his eyes were open or closed, it was just endless darkness.

During this year, there was not a single sound. In this mysterious place, not even the sound produced when flying too fast existed.

He didn’t know how far he had gone, he only knew that his direction should be correct. The blood dragon around him had dimmed, but it still existed and pointed the way.

Wang Lin didn’t know where Xuan Luo was, but he could feel that Xuan Luo was somewhere in the void, escorting his friends to reincarnate. He was also helping him resist the law of the Immortal Astral Continent so he wouldn’t feel its effects too strongly.

This feeling made Wang Lin feel warmth in his heart. He would sometimes look at the black void behind him. He felt like he could see the door to his hometown watching him as he went further away.

For an instant, he seemed to be able to see Mu Bingmei holding the umbrella under the rain. That face under the umbrella revealed a complicated emotion she couldn’t describe.

Wang Lin no longer felt hatred toward Mu Bingmei.

One month, two months, three months… Another half year. Wang Lin had been in the void for a year. In truth, he should have forgotten about everything, but he couldn’t allow himself to forget. If he forgot the passage of time, it would be the same as losing everything.

On this day, after one and a half years, Wang Lin muttered, “There are still eight and a half years…”

His voice was hoarse, as if he was an old man, and the blood dragon around him had become dim. Although he didn’t feel much of the law of the Immortal Astral Continent, the speed of the nine mosquito beasts behind him slowed down.

On a day in the second year, the blood dragon was almost invisible; only its guidance faintly remained. However, its ability to cancel the law of the Immortal Astral Continent was gone.

At this point, Wang Lin felt the pressure from the law of the Immortal Astral Continent clearly for the first time. It felt like a mountain had smashed into his body.

The power of his essences also became weak under the law of the Immortal Astral Continent, and he had no way of recovering it. He could only use what he had.

This was one of the reasons why the void here was terrifying.

No matter how strong you were, if you got lost or stuck here, there would be a day when you died.

The second year, third year, fourth year… Four years of time silently passed in this void. It was very fast but also very slow.

The years were fast, but the heart was slow. The four years felt like 400 years to Wang Lin. As the pressure increased, Wang Lin wanted to cultivate but couldn’t.

Inside the void, there seemed to be a mysterious force that prevented all life from cultivating. They could only count as time passed by. This seemed to be the only source of entertainment here.

Wang Lin didn’t encounter another living being during these four years. He had only encountered corpses that belonged to cultivators or fierce beasts.

Although the nine mosquito beasts behind him could fuse with the law of the Immortal Astral Continent, it was becoming unbearable even for them. It felt like the entire star system was collapsing on your body. Even Wang Lin’s face had gone pale, and his body was almost at the limit.

The nine mosquito beasts were put into Wang Lin’s storage space to save them the suffering of following. However, the mosquito king under Wang Lin showed no signs of discomfort. It still moved at a very fast pace while carrying Wang Lin.

When the fifth year arrived, Wang Lin felt like his body was immersed in silt. Even raising his hand caused him severe pain, as if countless threads had entangled his body, but he continued to move forward. He had taken the Heaven Avoidance Coffin out from his storage space and was carrying it on his back.

The storage space was no longer safe. Only by placing it on his back and protecting it with his own body did he feel at ease.

He understood that as long as he didn’t die, this force wouldn’t hurt Li Muwan behind him. This was because Wang Lin had gathered his power outside of his body to protect Li Muwan.

Fortunately, he had the mosquito beast below him. It had maintained a very fast speed as it moved forward. If Wang Lin had to rely on his own strength to both combat the pressure and move forward, it would become even more difficult.

Wang Lin was struggling to move to the Immortal Astral Continent. On the Immortal Astral Continent, at the center of the Ancient Dao clan, there was the floating city. At the center of the city was the Ancient Dao Palace, and the middle-aged man in the royal robe was standing on the highest pavilion as he looked at the gloomy sky that seemed like it was going to rain.

He felt a pearl that gave off a ghostly light. While the inside of the pearl was a blur, he could see the shadow of a woman’s soul sleeping inside.

“Grand Empyrean has been gone for a long time… Hmph, to actually spend so much effort for a mere cave world cultivator. He has gone senile form old age!

“Aside from Xuan Luo, the only guardian the Ancient Dao needs is this emperor, and in the future it will still be this emperor! I want to see what kind of person that old guy brings back… No matter what his status is, when he sees this emperor, he will have to kneel to greet me!”

The Ancient Dao Emperor clenched the pearl in his hand. Although the pearl was tough, because he was clenching too hard, the soul inside trembled as if it was afraid.

The man in the royal robe raised his hand and looked at the trembling soul as he muttered to himself, “Little soul, why did the imperial teacher say that you will be the key for me to rein over the Immortal Astral Continent…

“Forget it. Since you’re so important, this emperor will take you as my empress! Ye Dao, try to fuse this soul with all the women you’ve brought!”

“As you command!” Behind the man in the royal robe, a distortion appeared and a man shrouded in black fog materialized. He knelt on the ground and accepted the command.
