Chapter 1796 – Powerful Will!

Wang Lin had been in the void filled with the law of the Immortal Astral Continent for six years now. On the Immortal Astral Continent, everything was peaceful and there was no war. There wasn’t much friction between the Ancient and Celestial Races.

During this year, many genius had shined brightly across the 72 celestial continents. One of them was named Yun Yifeng!

This year, the celestial emperor that ruled over the 72 continents came out after tens of thousands of years of closed door cultivation. Half of the continents were shrouded in endless celestial energy.

This year, some cultivators from the cave world had quietly reincarnated, but it was unknown where they had gone.

Not much happened across the 36 states of the Ancient Countries and the three clans this year. They had calmly passed through this year.

Every continent on the Immortal Astral Continent was equal to dozens of cave worlds in size. It was very large, and many ordinary cultivators had never left their continent.

In particular, there was the heavenly river between the Ancient and Celestial Races. This river contained a mysterious force, and many powerful beast lived within. Only old monsters that were as old as the world itself dared to enter it, and even then, they wouldn’t go too deep. This was the first barrier if either side wanted to invade the other!

This year passed by quietly like this.

Among the Celestial clan’s 72 continents, one of the furthest nine continents from the Heavenly River was the Heavenly Bull Continent! If this continent were to shrink countless times, one would vaguely see the shape of a bull.

Thus, it was named the Heavenly Bull.

This continent was remote and far away from the Imperial Capital on the Celestial Ming Continent. A long time ago, it was considered an outer continent. It was on the eastern part of the Immortal Astral Continent, and with the other eight continents, they formed the Eastern Continent!

The Eastern Continent had nine sects and 13 factions, with the Purple Sun Sect leading them. The Dong Lin Sect was the most mysterious. In addition, the Gui Yi Sect, the Great Soul Sect, and such formed the 21 most famous sects on the Eastern Continent.

Aside from these nine sects and 13 factions, there were some smaller sects, but they could not compare to the behemoths that were those 21 sects. Not to mention, the Purple Sun Sect was rumored to contain one of the nine suns.

The Heavenly Bull Continent was under the influence of the Great Soul Sect and the Gui Yi Sect. The Seven Dao Sect had been created in a remote corner of the Heavenly Bull Sect.

There was a black mountain range covered in forest. There was a layer of fog surrounding the mountain, and there were rarely any beasts there.

Within this mountain range, there was a lonely peak. It was the tallest peak, and it had the densest mist around it. This was the location of the Seven Dao Sect. When the cave world closed, Su Dao sealed the Seven Dao Sect. Many years had passed, and the Seven Dao Sect had fallen. There was not a single living thing here, and it was filled with death.

This was also where one appeared after leaving the cave world.

Yun Yifeng, Fan Shanlu, or anyone who had come out of the cave world with their Immortal Astral Continent bloodlines all appeared here. They looked at their familiar yet strange hometown before leaving.

On a certain day of the sixth year, if one’s gaze penetrated the dense layer of mist, they would see the various pavilions of the Seven Dao Sect. Among them, there was a very large pavilion, and that was the main hall of the Seven Dao Sect. It was also the place the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign once used for his closed door cultivation.

On this day, outside the pavilion in the mist-covered mountain, a figure slowly appeared. It was a young man in black, but although he looked young, his eyes revealed the passage of countless years.

He was Xuan Luo.

Xuan Luo looked at the Seven Dao Sect pavilion that hid inside the mist and slowly sat down.

“Wang Lin, everyone has reincarnated, but I have no control over when they will reincarnate. Perhaps it will be a few years, or perhaps a thousand years before they appear...

“But they are safe.” Xuan Luo let out a sigh as he looked at the pavilion. He seemed to be able to see the void inside the pavilion and Wang Lin, who was struggling to come out of the void.

“There are less than four years left. Disciple, Teacher as done all he can… Now it will depend on you…” Xuan Luo slowly closed his eyes, and between his eyebrows, there was a flash of red light. This red light was to ensure Wang Lin didn’t get lost.

In the void between the cave worlds and the Immortal Astral Continent, Wang Lin’s face was deathly pale. He cycled his Ancient Dao power through his body to resist the crazy pressure coming from all sides.

This pressure was already indescribably powerful, and if not for the mosquito beast, who continued to move, Wang Lin would have stopped. Even the mosquito king was moving a lot slower and struggling under the pressure now. It would sometimes let out a silent howl.

Wang Lin’s eyes were bloodshot. The essences in his body had all been exhausted and he had no way of recovering. The only way to resist the law of the Immortal Astral Continent was with his Ancient Dao body.

It had been more than a year since he had seen a corpse. It seemed it was very rare for anyone to make it this far.

The blood dragon had long dissipated. Even the red mark it formed between his eyebrows was so bleak, it was almost invisible.

These last seven years had been extremely difficult for Wang Lin, especially because he needed to protect his wife behind him, protect Li Muwan. Every day, he had to suffer even more pain.

But he didn’t regret it!

One month, two months, three months… In the blink of an eye, another year passed. In the eighth year, the pressure suddenly increased. The entire void seemed to turn solid and pressed on his body. Blood continued to flow out from the corner of Wang Lin’s mouth and his vision became blurry. He vaguely understood that he was about to give out.

With a miserable smile, Wang Lin struggled to raise his right hand and press it on the head of the mosquito king that was struggling to move forward. The mosquito king had accompanied him for eight years, and Wang Lin could see that perhaps this was really the home of the mosquito king’s ancestor. It was obvious that the mosquito king was more adapted to this place than Wang Lin.

However, it was not born here. Perhaps it would fully adapt after countless years, but right now it was unable to enter the depths of the void.

The mosquito king was too worn out to enter by force. It needed to fuse with more of the law of the Immortal Astral Continent, to go through countless evolutionary transformations to reach the state of its ancestors.

“Don’t go forward with me… Since this is your home, you should stay here… You have accompanied me for more than 2,000 years. Today you… can go…”

The mosquito king trembled and let out a roar. This roar spread out across the void, and it was filled with its defiance. This was the first time it didn’t listen to Wang Lin. It didn’t want to leave, it wanted to use all its power to take Wang Lin a bit further. Even if it meant death, it wanted to send Wang Lin further along!

Wang Lin smiled. Although he was suffering great pain, he was very happy. He shook his head and slowly stood up. This simple action was very difficult for him.

The moment he got up, his eyes revealed light that had disappeared for a long time. Popping sounds echoed in his body and his Ancient Dao power fully erupted. This gave him the power to move by himself temporarily.

His right hand formed a seal and he didn’t allow the mosquito king to refuse. His hand landed on the beast’s head. The moment the mosquito beast’s movement was restricted, Wang Lin jumped off and flew away.

“Go!! This is your hometown, don’t follow me!” Wang Lin’s voice was firm, and he waved his sleeve. The nine remaining mosquito beasts flew toward the mosquito king.

This caused the distance between Wang Lin and the mosquito king to increase greatly. Behind Wang Lin, a sharp cry echoed from the mosquito king. This was a cry of despair from a child that was separated from their relatives.

Wang Lin’s heart felt a sting of pain from this cry, but he didn’t stop; he used all his effort to fly forward. He knew that this time, his chance of survival was less than 10%. Since this was the case, why drag the mosquito king down with him?

Behind him, the mosquito king broke out of its shackles and charged forward with bloodshot eyes. It didn’t want to leave Wang Lin. Even if it was going to die here, it wanted to die next to its master.

The palm Wang Lin had placed on the mosquito king contained 10 seals that continued to stop the mosquito king from moving forward.

The stops caused the distance between the mosquito king and Wang Lin to increased greatly. No matter how hard the mosquito king pursued, it could no longer find its master.

A sorrowful cry echoed in the void and spread far into the distance. Wang Lin was struggling to move forward in the void, but he could still hear the cry of the mosquito king. He looked back for a moment before he gritted his teeth and continued to fly forward.

After chasing for a long time, the mosquito king still could not find Wang Lin. It trembled as the pressure increased, and it slowly stopped. However, it didn’t give up. It suddenly turned around toward the other nine mosquito beasts. It was going to fuse with more of the aura here and quickly evolve back to its ancestral form. Only then could it move faster and find its master!

It was now the ninth year!

Wang Lin had been separated from the mosquito beast for a year. Wang Lin’s body had reached its limit. He took heavy steps as he spent all his effort protecting his wife behind him. His eyes were dull, but there was a powerful will within.

This will was the defying will he possessed since a long time ago!

More than 2,000 years ago, when he was still a mortal child, he had climbed up the steps of the Heng Yue Sect covered in blood, but he had never given up. After more than 2,000 years, he was still the same stubborn Wang Lin!
