Chapter 825 – Blood God's Thoughts (2)

A roar of anger exploded from under the Celestial Sealing Stamp. A terrifying and suffocating aura suddenly began to spread like crazy.

The moment the Celestial Sealing Stamp smashed down, it was pushed away by this force. The countless golden runes were torn up by this force and were constantly forced back.

Popping sounds came from Ta Shan's fist and his right fist was smashed. Even half of his body was affected by the ripple and he was thrown far away.

At this moment, the elegant and prideful Yao Changdong had vanished. His hair was disheveled, his clothes were in tatters, and his eyes were filled with anger.

There was a fist-sized bead before his body. Calling it a bead was a bit inappropriate, it was more like the core of a cultivator!

It was this core that absorbed all the attacks from before and allowed Yao Changdong to only be in a sorry state but not suffer the slightest injury.

"You are the second person that has forced to me use the celestial pill the Ancestor gave me!" Yao Changdong almost gnashed his teeth. His killing intent for Wang Lin was no longer coming from the Heaven Order from the family but the anger in his heart.

He had never been in such a disadvantageous situation in his whole life. From the sneak attack at the start, he had no chance to retaliate and was forced to passively defend. Due to that strange spell, Yao Changdong was forced into a dangerous situation.

Wang Lin's expression was gloomy. As he retreated, he slapped his bag of holding and immediately took out the soul flag. He immediately grabbed two Illusory Yin origin souls and devoured them. As origin energy filled his body, he stared at the core before Yao Changdong and his eyes turned cold.

Wang Lin held an advantage earlier and didn't allow Yao Changdong to retaliate at all. Everything was set up for the kill, but in the end it still failed.

Wang Lin clearly understood the difference between Corporeal Yang and Nirvana Scryer cultivators now. Wang Lin was confident the situation he had set up could kill any Corporeal Yang cultivator, but Yao Changdong wasn't injured at all.

Although that core played a large role, even if that core wasn't there, Yao Changdong must have had other spells.

"A family that has an inheritance from the Celestial Realm must have have a lot of celestial spells!"

Yao Changdong's eyes revealed a fierce expression. His right hand formed a seal and the core began revolving around his body. At the same time, his left hand formed a seal and he shouted, "Celestial spell, Void Collapse!"

Wang Lin didn't hesitate to retreat. As he retreated, the space where he was at collapsed and caused a powerful impact.

This scene caused Wang Lin's pupils to shrink.

"Celestial spell, Imagine Collapse!" Yao Changdong's hand formed a seal and he revealed a cruel expression.

Violent collapses continued to echo, Wang Lin couldn't pause for a moment as the collapses chased closely after him.

Wang Lin's expression was gloomy, but was also calm. Ripples appeared under his feet and then he disappeared without a trace. He instantly appeared 100 feet behind Yao Changdong and a Heavenly Chop flew at Yao Changdong.

However, just as the Heavenly Chop closed in on Yao Changdong, the core suddenly appeared and collided with it. The moment it touched the Heavenly Chop, it absorbed the power of the Heavenly Chop.

"Celestial spell, 19 Souls!" Yao Changdong jerked around, revealed a grin, and spat out a mouthful of white mist. Bursts of miserable screams came from the mist. There were 19 babies inside the mist. These babies were completely black. They were monsters as they rushed toward Wang Lin along with the mist.

There was a flash of cold light in Wang Lin's eyes. He took a step backwards and merged with the world.

The 19 souls missed, then they returned back to Yao Changdong and revolved around him.

Yao Changdong's face revealed a fierce expression. He didn't hesitate to reach out toward the core and shout, "I'm willing to be punished by the Ancestor for losing this core to break your spell!" As he spoke, he crushed the core and a destructive aura spread out like a storm from the core.

This force was too powerful, As it spread, the origin energy within 100,000 feet began to twist and distort. The origin energy in the world was no longer in balance; it was as if a large pair of hands was constantly stirring it up. Anyone who was merged inside must leave as soon as possible unless they had a spell to counteract the fluctuations.

Wang Lin appeared 1,000 feet away. His eyes were filled with killing intent as he raised his right hand and pointed at the void. The Withered Dao Pair quickly appeared. The ferocious beast bone gave off a ghostly flash and a powerful evil aura filled the world.

Yao Changdong's expression changed slightly and both of his hands formed a seal. The 19 babies began to spin rapidly around Yao Changdong and formed an illusion around Yao Changdong. This was an illusion of a large baby.

After it appeared, it let out a roar. However, it only let out half a roar before its body was covered by grey light and it turned into stone in a instant.

Wang Lin took this opportunity to retreat and immediately took out two Illusory Yin origin souls. After devouring them, he immediately raised his right hand and shouted, "Call the Wind!"

The black wind roared and gathered around his right hand. It instantly expanded and dense, black wind appeared around Wang Lin.

Just at this moment, the petrified baby collapsed and Yao Changdong walked out without any injuries.

He stared at the black wind around Wang Lin and sneered. "Only this much power? Today will you without a doubt die!"

Just as he finished speaking, Wang Lin waved his hand and the black wind charged out. The black wind swept across the stars and turned into a black dragon. It opened hits mouth and blasted out cold wind.

Yao Changdong initially didn't consider the wind a threat, but his body felt cold and it felt like his origin soul was about to collapse. He immediately retreated in shock, but the black wind chased closely after him.

Frightened, Yao Changdong saw that he was about to be surrounded by the black wind, but his hand quickly formed a seal and he shouted, "Celestial spell, Cloud Calamity!" Thunderous rumbles appeared out of nowhere and clouds surrounded Yao Changdong. Lightning flashed between the clouds, forming a comprehensive shield.

However, under the wind blasted out by the black dragon, the clouds dissipated, revealing the terrified Yao Changdong.

"This… What celestial spell is this!?!" Yao Changdong's body trembled as he clenched his teeth and spat out a mouthful of essence origin energy. His right hand quickly moved over it and he shouted, "Blood Soul, six cycles!"

After using this spell, Yao Changdong's expression turned pale. This Blood Soul celestial spell was imparted by the Ancestor, Blood God. It was said to be one of the greatest spells of their celestial ancestor.

At its peak, it could reach 19 cycles, but with Yao Changdong's current cultivation level, he could only manage six cycles, and even then it would consume most of his origin energy.

The blood quickly began to move and it formed a vortex before charging into the sky. Like a scarlet whirlwind, it created a powerful force that collided with the wind. The two forces quickly cancelled each other out.

Yao Changdong stared at the flickering Wang Lin. He clenched his teeth as he slapped his bag of holding and a talisman appeared in his hand.

"With the talisman the Ancestor gave me, no matter how many spells you have, you will without a doubt die!"

He raised his hand and the talisman immediately flew out. There was a complex rune formed by red ink on the talisman. Yao Changdong's hand formed a seal as he bit his tongue and sprayed blood directly on the talisman.

In an instant, the talisman was dyed blood red and the rune seemed to come to life. A strange light came from the talisman and a strange, green flame began to burn at the corner of the talisman.

"Emperor Celestial Talisman! Kill this person!" Yao Changdong pointed at Wang Lin, and his voice revealed his ferociousness.

The talisman flashed and charged out. It penetrated through the blood soul vortex and the cold wind. It didn't suffer any damage and went straight toward Wang Lin.

Wang Lin's pupils suddenly shrank. He was very familiar with this talisman as it was almost identical to the two he had. At this moment, an aura that shocked Wang Lin's mind came from the talisman.

This aura was extremely terrifying.

"I can't resist!" All the hair on Wang Lin's body stood up and he felt a sense of crisis envelop him. He retreated without hesitation, but not only did the talisman not scatter, it moved even faster.

Under this moment of crisis, Wang Lin slapped his bag of holding without hesitation and the God Slaying War Chariot flew out. He pointed at Yao Changdong and then also took out a talisman. Copying Yao Changdong, he also bit the tip of his tongue and spat out essence blood.

The essence blood caused the talisman to also shine and burned brightly. It collided with the tasliman Yao Changdong threw out and it set off a huge shockwave. The tasliman Wang Lin threw out immediately collapsed and turned to dust.

However, Yao Changdong's talisman didn't completely dissipate; a fingernail-sized portion still remained. It moved at an incredible speed and landed between Wang Lin's eyebrows.

Wang Lin's body trembled. He felt heat from between his eyebrows as if a flame was burning. An unimaginable sealing power spread across his body like crazy. In the blink of an eye, his origin energy and origin soul were completely sealed.

"This… This is the Chosen Immortal Clan's tattoo power!! But how can the tattoo of the Chosen Immortal Clan be so strong!?!" Wang Lin sucked in a breath of cold air and his eyes were filled with terror. All of the origin energy inside his body was suddenly sealed. Right now he was like a mortal!

His body immediately became very weak. If Ta Shan hadn't allowed Wang Lin to sit on his left arm, Wang Lin would have immediately fallen into the endless space.

Beside him, the God Slaying War Chariot turned into the butterfly. It gently flapped its wings and looked harmless.

Yao Changdong laughed. Without origin energy, all of Wang Lin's treasures had lost their effect and Call the Wind had also disappeared. Yao Changdong's two fingers from his right hand formed a sword and he charged straight at Wang Lin.

"A mere Corporeal Yang cultivator dares to fight with me!? Xu Mu, die!"

As Yao Changdong laughed, his speed was shocking and he charged straight toward Wang Lin. His fingers were filled with origin energy, and if they landed on Wang Lin, not only would Wang Lin's body collapse, even his origin soul would be destroyed!

Just as Yao Changdong closed in, the butterfly gently flapped its wings. Although it didn't have Wang Lin's origin energy anymore, it was obviously different from other treasures. Once it was activated, it could operate by itself.

Yao Changdong's body paused and his chest exploded, causing him to be thrown backwards. He managed to stop himself after 100 feet, but the butterfly immediately flapped its wings once more.

Yao Changdong's eyes were filled with killing intent. Just as the butterfly flapped its wings, he took out another talisman. This time he didn't throw it out and pressed it between his own eyebrows.

A powerful fluctuation of tattoo power came out from the talisman and diffused into Yao Changdong's body. Soon, a large amount of tattoos appeared around Yao Changdong.

Popping sounds echoed. Every time the butterfly flapped its wings, a large amount of tattoos would collapse. However, he continued to rush over and once again closed in on Wang Lin.

"I must kill Xu Mu. He is only at the Corporeal Yang stage and is already so powerful. Once he reaches the Nirvana Scryer stage, I will not be his opponent!"
