Chapter 826 – Blood God’s Thoughts (3)

Wang Lin sat in the lotus position on Ta Shan’s left arm. Ta Shan continued to retreat, trying to create some distance between them and Yao Changdong. However, Yao Changdong was too fast. He closed in with all the tattoos exploding.

The killing intent disappeared and was replaced with calmness. He closed his eyes and muttered, “My domain was originally life and death and then karma. Things in the world can escape life and death, but they can’t escape karma!”

There was a power that didn’t need origin energy to use. It was not a treasure, but a cultivator’s dao. It could also be considered a belief, a comprehension.

Wang Lin’s comprehension after 1,000 years of cultivation was his domain!

At this moment of life and death, Wang Lin used his domain, which he hadn’t used in a long time!

The battle of domains was the battle of dao. The battle of dao was ever-changing. There was no victory or defeat in the battle of dao, only life and death!

Wang Lin spread out his arms and calmly said, “My left hand holds the karmic cause of the world. My right hand holds the karmic effect of the world. This is karma, my karma!”

He opened his eyes. His left eye contained a sun and his right eye contained a moon. He looked at Yao Changdong and pointed at him.

Karmic cause, appear!

When his domain appeared, the stars no longer existed. It was as if everything had disappeared, and Yao Changdong’s body suddenly stopped.

He couldn’t help but stop. At this moment, Wang Lin’s figure grew infinitely. It was as if there was a whip in Wang Lin’s hand, and the two ends of the whip connected to form a circle.

That circle was karma. Yao Changdong had a strong feeling that if he stepped out, he would inevitably fall into the Wang Lin’s domain. Even if he managed to kill Wang Lin, he would be trapped in this domain. He feared he would be forever trapped inside karma and would never awaken.

The battle of dao could only be fought with dao. However, it was rare for people to be able to fully display their dao; it could be said that only very few could!

This had nothing to do with cultivation, but comprehension. A comprehension of the world, a comprehension of life, and a comprehension of one’s own dao!

Yao Changdong would never have thought that this Xu Mu could display his own dao. His expression was gloomy, but he didn’t retreat. Instead, he sat down less than 30 feet from Wang Lin and closed his eyes. A golden shadow suddenly appeared above his head.

This golden shadow had the aura of a celestial and was very elegant; it was obvious it was a celestial!

“Struggle as you die. I’ll let you see my Yao family’s dao! The Yao family are descendants of celestials. Although celestial don’t have domains, my family turned the glory of being their descendant into our domain. The glory of our celestial ancestors is the dao of our Yao family!”

The shadow of the celestial gradually condensed above Yao Changdong and eventually walked out. It stepped toward the circle formed by Wang Lin’s domain.

“My family believes in the glory of our ancestor. All other domains will break under the glory of our ancestor!” Yao Changdong’s face was filled with reverence and his fanaticism caused the celestial to become even more corporeal.

“That’s glory of the past. What of it now? All things are are linked to karma. The celestial’s glory is the karmic cause!” Wang Lin’s expression was calm as he lowered his left hand and raised his right hand.

“The karmic effect was the collapse of the Celestial Realm!” Wang Lin lightly gripped his right hand and said, “You take pride in glory, but can your dao escape karma?”

The karma circle before Wang Lin began to rotate, creating a vortex. Outside the vortex was karmic cause and inside the vortex was karmic effect!

“The celestials perished because they couldn’t escape karma. Their descendants also can’t escape karma. Your dao is extremely fragile! So what if you have thousands of celestial spells and that dao of glory? How laughable!” Wang Lin shook his head. He had seen through the other party’s dao. To use something as illusory as glory for dao and reverence for domain, even if it reached its peak, it couldn’t escape the shadow of their ancestors.

The karma circle suddenly flew out and charged at the shadow of the celestial. When it closed in, it stopped.

“Celestials didn’t cultivate domains. Using their powerful celestial spiritual energy to open up the heavens was a grave mistake! Otherwise, why would the Celestial Realm have collapsed! Even with how powerful the celestial emperor was, he still went mad when he went against the heavens, and he died. How strong was your ancestor compared to the celestial emperor? The celestial emperor not cultivating a domain was the karmic cause and his madness that caused his death was the karmic effect!

“Your family’s celestial’s statue and cultivation can’t match the celestial emperor. Not cultivating a domain and forcibly taking power from the heavens caused your ancestor to perish. This is karma! In my opinion, your glory is empty!

“If they were destroyed by the heavens, where is the glory? Yao Changdong, the domain you cultivated and the dao you believe in are all empty! Your celestial ancestor died, but rather than seeking the reason, you decided to cultivate their glory. Not only is your dao empty, but even your Yao family ancestor’s dao is also empty. In the end, your Yao family will perish!”

Yao Changdong’s eyes were filled with anger and he cough out a large mouthful of blood as his mind was injured. Wang Lin’s words were like sharp swords that pierced his heart, leaving him unable to refute. After listening to these words, there was even a trace of hesitation in his heart.

The shadow of the celestial outside the karma circle became blurry, as if it would disappear at any moment.

“You take pride in your glory and use that glory as your dao. Your glory is only your own illusion. Have you truly seen the glory of your ancestor or felt the glory of your ancestor? Everything was just made up by you, it is all empty!

“Your at the early stage of Nirvana Scryer, but you don’t have the slightest understanding of your own dao. All of it was born from an illusion, so how can it fight against me!? My dao has changed greatly through my experiences in life. The pain of parting relatives, the hatred from slaughter, the bitterness of the death of a loved one, and wiping the resentment from my dead son. I became aware of the life and death domain and understood the world. Although I understand that things that should disappear, I walk against the heavens and refuse to be controlled by fate! This allowed me to complete my life and death domain!

“Then my domain changed and I comprehended the karma domain!

“And your domain was only a false glory. This glory has long perished with your ancestor and vanished with the collapse of the Celestial Realm!! Yao Changdong, you are gravely mistaken!”

Yao Changdong’s body trembled once more and he cough out another large mouthful of blood. There was no trace of blood on his face. He was like a dead man, and his eyes were filled with confusion.

The shadow of the celestial outside the karma circle became even more blurry.

Wang Lin shouted as his eyes revealed a strange light, “Your Yao family wanting to kill me is karmic cause and your dao broken by my karma domain is karmic effect! Why hasn’t your glory domain broken before my karma domain?”

Yao Changdong’s body trembled and the shadow of the celestial above him shattered completely. As it collapsed, everything returned to normal and the stars appeared once more. To Yao Changdong, it was as if years had passed.

Wang Lin’s karma domain also dissipated. The remaining piece of talisman between his eyebrows had collapsed in the battle of dao. Origin energy filled his body and he rushed out.

At this moment, the butterfly next to him gently flapped its wings. Yao Changdong’s body collapsed and even his bag of holding collapsed under this destructive power.

All traces of him were erased from the world.

When Wang Lin’s origin energy returned, his face turned pale and coughed out a mouthful of blood. A battle of dao was too dangerous, so he really didn’t want to use it unless it was the last resort.

One’s dao was definitely not as fragile as he said. It was just that Yao Changdong’s dao heart was unstable because he hadn’t experienced enough life. He was like a sheltered flower that hadn’t been tested by real wind and rain.

Compared to him, the cultivators at the same cultivation level in the Alliance Star System were far stronger. After all, in the Alliance Star System, you had to rely on yourself!

What about a teacher? They couldn’t protect you at all. If you were a bit careless, you would die! It was the law of the jungle, and slaughter was the law of the heavens! Aside from a few limited people, the cultivators of the Allheaven Star System couldn’t even imagine the darkness of the Alliance Star System.

If you placed them in the Alliance Star System, it would be hard for these people to survive! Unless their cultivation was powerful enough to ignore all rules.

After taking a deep breath, Wang Lin withdrew his treasures and Ta Shan returned to his shadow. He dragged his frail body, but the killing intent in his eyes was even stronger.

“Yao family, if you want to kill me, you must pay the price!”

Wang Lin took a step with a fierce and cold gaze. Ripples appeared under his feet as he merged with the world and disappeared without a trace.

However, just as he disappeared, a ripple appeared nearby and a cold woman wearing white walked out. She was very beautiful and could be considered perfect. Her cold expression, while it would cause people to retreat, would also make their hearts beat faster.

She frowned slightly and with a step she disappeared as she merged with the world and chased after Wang Lin!

At this moment in the Eastern Domain on a blood red planet. There was a huge ancestral temple and a fierce “Yao” was carved onto a large piece of wood.

There was an old man sitting inside the temple. His eyebrows were bent and were scarlet red.

Behind him were tokens. Each of them gave off rich origin energy. At this moment, one of the tokens at the bottom cracked and then split in half!

The old man slowly opened his eyes. He looked at the shattered token and muttered, “One finally died… Wang Lin from the alliance Star System, I want to see how many you can kill! Don’t disappoint this old man, the Blood God!” The old man’s eyes gave of a gloomy gaze.

He raised his right hand and with a point of his finger, white gas flew out from the token and entered his sleeves.

“Continue to kill…”
