Chapter 832 – Moongazer Serpent’s Joy

After grabbing Yao Yunhai’s origin soul, Wang Lin didn’t hesitate to put it inside the soul flag in his bag. He didn’t stop at all and disappeared in a flash.

The 1,000-foot-long Moongazer Serpent charged out from behind him and a cold aura filled the area. After searching for a while, it opened its mouth and sucked in all of Wang Lin’s remaining aura. All of the tentacles on its body wrapped around itself as if it was enjoying itself.

However, a moment later, this Moongazer Serpent closed its mouth, twisted its body, and disappeared into the earth.

In the distance, Wang Lin’s eyes revealed a strange light and he headed toward the tip of the Moongazer Serpent’s bone. He was very cautious along the way. Whenever he noticed something was off, he would quickly change directions and hide himself.

Wang Lin pondered, “Although the inside of the Moongazer Serpent is dangerous, with my understanding and as long as I’m careful, there should be no danger! Compared to outside, this place is much safer.”

“Since that is the case, why don’t I stay hidden inside the Moongazer Serpent? That way, if the Yao family wants to kill me, they must first face the Moongazer Serpent!” Wang Lin revealed a cold smile as he quickly charged ahead.

The Moongazer Serpent was too big. It was also impossible to teleport inside it, and adding on the fact he had to be careful, even though Wang Lin’s speed was fast, it was still a bit slow.

As he moved, his expression suddenly changed and he dodged to the side without hesitation. Just as he dodged, a blue ice crystal flew past where Wang Lin was like lightning.

When it passed by, it almost touched Wang Lin’s body. Wang Lin could clearly feel the cold energy within the ice crystal. That cold energy somehow drilled into his body and made Wang Lin’s body feel stiff.

“You can’t escape!” A voice slowly echoed as a 100 foot gap opened in the earth and Yao Bingyun walked out.

Her eyes were filled with killing intent as she stared coldly at Wang Lin and coldly said, “You massacred innocent cultivators across the Western Domain. Today, I, Yao Bingyun, will take your life!”

Wang Lin quickly retreated and gathered origin energy in his hands. He hit his body a few times and dissolved all the cold energy inside him. At the same time, he spat out a mouthful of essence origin energy. The essence origin energy turned into a sword and shot straight toward Yao Bingyun.

Yao Bingyun’s expression was cold as her right hand formed a seal and pointed forward. A ray of blue light appeared and gathered at her fingertip. Then everything before her froze in a flash and the ice continued to spread.

Even the essence origin energy spat out by Wang Lin was mercilessly frozen after flying for few dozen feet.

Seeing the ice closing in, Wang Lin’s expression became gloomy and he didn’t hesitate to retreat. He knew that this person was too strong and he had no chance at winning.

Killing intent flashed across Yao Bingyun’s eyes and her hand touched the ice before her. Her body disappeared without a trace.

“Ice escape!” Wang Lin’s pupils shrank and he felt a strong sense of danger. He opened his mouth and spat out the Celestial Sealing Stamp without any hesitation to block for him.

The moment the Celestial Sealing Stamp appeared, Yao Bingyun appeared before Wang Lin after moving through the ice and her finger pressed down.

Yao Bingyun’s finger used all her power. As she pointed down, a blood rune appeared and spread across the Celestial Sealing Stamp form her finger.

“Ten Cycle Soul Damage Seal!” Yao Bingyun’s hand lifted and quickly formed seals. Nine seals quickly caused nine blood red runes to appear. They all fell on the Celestial Sealing Stamp one after the other.

These blood red runes were very strange. They ignored the existence of the Celestial Sealing Stamp and charged through toward Wang Lin. Wang Lin’s expression was gloomy as he shouted, “Seal!”

With one word, the hundreds of thousands of gold runes appeared, forming seals. Among them were two with very powerful auras. The golden runes continued to weaken the power of the Ten Cycle Soul Damage Seal.

However, the Ten Cycle Soul Damage Seal was too strong and almost instantly penetrated the seals. Although it had been reduced from ten cycles to four cycles, it landed on Wang Lin’s chest like lightning.

It pierced through his body and split into four rays of red light that charged toward his origin soul.

Popping sound came from inside Wang Lin’s body. His face turned pale, but his eyes were filled with monstrous killing intent. He retreated with the Celestial Sealing Stamp.

In an instant, he retreated very far.

“Still not dead!” Yao Bingyun’s phoenix eyes shined brightly. This Xu Mu was extremely strange. If he had escaped last time death due to luck, then it was barely explained. However, this time she had used her full power and still wasn’t able to kill a Corporeal Yang cultivator. This made her eyes narrow.

“He must have a celestial treasure that protects the origin soul!” Yao Bingyun sneered as she stepped forward. The ice behind her continued to spread behind her toward Wang Lin.

Wang Lin’s origin soul was shaken as he stared at the pursuing Yao Bingyun with killing intent. He lifted his right hand and chopped down.

Heavenly Chop suddenly appeared, but it wasn’t targeted at Yao Bingyun but the layer of mud to the side. The mud collapsed with a bang.

“The Moongazer Serpent likes silence and hates noise!” Wang Lin knew the Moongazer Serpent’s habits, so he continued to bombard the layers of mud next to him.

Yao Bingyun’s eyes revealed a hint of ridicule. If it was outside, she wouldn’t be able to catch up. After all, in term of their abilities to use Spatial Bend, she admired this Xu Mu greatly.

However, in here it was impossible to teleport and impossible to merge with the world. If she wanted to catch up, it would be too easy. A blue light appeared under her feet and in a flash she moved. Although it wasn’t teleportation, her speed was just as fast and she immediately caught up.

However, just as she caught up and her right hand formed a seal, she noticed that Xu Mu’s eyes were extremely calm without a hint of panic. Yao Bingyun was surprised, but she didn’t have time to think and directly attacked.

Just at this moment, an unimaginably cold aura suddenly appeared from the mud layers Wang Lin was attacking. A 1,000-foot-long Moongazer Serpent suddenly charged out toward Yao Bingyun and Wang Lin.

“What is this!?!” Yao Bingyun hadn’t encountered a Moongazer Serpent until now. The Moongazer Serpent’s hideous appearance and its body covered in hair caused Yao Bingyun’s mind to tremble.

The Moongazer Serpent’s aura wasn’t any weaker than a Nirvana Scryer cultivator!

The moment the Moongazer Serpent appeared, Wang Lin immediately withdrew his aura. This was his last resort. The moment it appeared, it would cause chaos, and only then would he gain the chance to escape.

Wang Lin had been prepared for the Moongazer Serpent’s pursuit. After all, the Moongazer Serpent’s objective couldn’t be guessed. There was a 50% chance it would chase after Yao Bingyun, but also a 50% chance it would charge at him.

The Moongazer Serpent that suddenly appeared twisted its body and the hair on its body stood up. It was extremely fast, and what made Wang Lin feel bitter was that it didn’t even look at Yao Bingyun before charging at him.

Yao Bingyun’s hand had already formed a seal, but after seeing this, she stopped. Instead, she followed after the Moongazer Serpent that was chasing Wang Lin.

Wang Lin continued to retreated and the Celestial Sealing Stamp rotated rapidly, creating a force to stop the person and beast chasing him.

All of the hair on the 1,000 foot Moongazer Serpent stood up as if it was very excited. As it chased Wang Lin, it had its big mouth opened, constantly swallowing and revealing a very comfortable expression.

This scene made Wang Lin startled. At this moment, Yao Bingyun’s eyes were filled with killing intent. She took a step forward, passed the Moongazer Serpent, and went toward Wang Lin. When she arrived before Wang Lin, her two fingers released a rich, blue light and she ruthlessly pointed them at Wang Lin.

Before Wang Lin could resist, the Moongazer Serpent suddenly let out an angry roar. All the hair on its body immediately extended and shot toward Yao Bingyun.

It was as if Yao Bingyun was about to steal something it liked. The Moongazer Serpent had many tentacles, and they all charged out. Its main body also charged straight at Yao Bingyun.

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he revealed a decisive gaze. He gave up on retreating and raised his right hand. The Wither Dao Pair immediately appeared on the back of his hand and came out. The hideous beast bone released a ghostly glow and an evil aura immediately filled the area.

Yao Bingyun’s expression was gloomy. Before her was Wang Lin, but behind her was the crazed beast. She really didn’t understand. This beast was clearly attacking Xu Mu, but when she decided to help, why did it attack her instead?

The evil aura was very dense and a grey light appeared at Yao Bingyun’s feet. At the same time, the Moongazer Serpent’s tentacles closed in and its large body directly smashed toward her.

Yao Bingyun clenched her teeth and her hand formed a seal without hesitation, causing a blue core to appear. The core immediately gave off a cold aura. When Yao Bingyun pointed her seal upward, the blue core gave off extreme coldness.

In an instant, layers of ice appeared like crazy with Yao Bingyun at the center. It spread so fast that even the grey light from the Wither Dao Pair was frozen.

Even more than half of the Moongazer Serpent’s tentacles were frozen. However, at this moment, roars came from all directions. Following that, four more 1,000-foot-long Moongazer Serpents charged out toward Yao Bingyun.

Yao Bingyun’s expression immediately turned pale and her eyes overflowed with terror. She grabbed the blue core and retreated without hesitation.

Just as she retreated, killing intent flashed across Wang Lin’s eyes. He had always been a decisive and bold person. Now his eyes narrowed and a mouthful of essence origin energy gathered in his body and he charged out.

Casting as fast as he could, Wang Lin’s finger formed a sword and he used Call the Wind and pointed forward!

Call the Wind!

The black wind appeared, forming a storm that charged toward Yao Bingyun. At the same time, the Moongazer Serpents arrived and trapped Yao Bingyun while roaring.

Yao Bingyun’s expression was deathly pale. Never in her countless years of cultivating had she faced such a crisis. She looked at the core in her hand and her heart ached. However, she clenched her teeth and crushed it without hesitation!

The moment the blue core was crushed by her, a crazy power exploded from within. This power was too fast, and it formed an ice vortex. As it spread, everything within it froze. This power spread through the cracks in the earth, and in an instant, everything within thousands of kilometers was covered in tiny layers of ice coming out from the cracks in the earth.

“Ice escape!” Yao Bingyun’s left hand formed a seal and she quickly rushed out. Using the ice created by the vortex, Yao Bingyun could escape anywhere that had ice.

The moment Yao Bingyun’s figure disappeared and after Wang Lin used Call the Wind, he didn’t hesitate and pointed at Yao Bingyun!

Stop!

Yao Bingyun’s body suddenly stopped, then almost at the same time, she returned to normal and disappeared. However, that pause allowed the black wind to penetrate the ice. There was a muffled groan that gradually faded into the void.

Killing intent flashed across Wang Lin’s eyes. As the ice spread toward him, he withdrew the Celestial Sealing Stamp and quickly left without looking back.

Not long after, as Wang Lin carefully avoided danger, he arrived at the top of the Moongazer Serpent’s bone. Here was were the nerve connection between the bone and the Moongazer Serpent was.

After arriving here, Wang Lin became even more cautious. Originally, the connection between the bone and the Moongazer Serpent was supposed to be tightly sealed. However, due to him removing the bone before, there were many gaps he could move through.

These gaps were very subtle for the Moongazer Serpent, but to Wang Lin, they were like cannons. His body flickered and he entered the gaps. The moment he entered, he suddenly paused.

Before him were spider web-like red threads. These threads seemed to go on endlessly and covered the entire area.

Wang Lin pondered and carefully stepped forward. He stared at the countless red threads before him as he lifted his right hand, pinched one of the threads, and mercilessly pulled!

The entire planet formed by the Moongazer Serpent suddenly shook. It caused a lot of dust to be kicked into the air and even the black fog suddenly shrank.

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he no longer hesitated. He lifted his right hand and multiple Heavenly Chops shot out. The red lines were cut and violent shaking came from the Moongazer Serpent’s body.

The Moongazer Serpent’s vibrations became even more intense as the black fog around it was all sucked back in. Large amounts of the dirt it had tracked was scattered due to the shaking of the Moongazer Serpent.

A roar that seemed to come from ancient times came through from the Moongazer Serpent’s body.
