Chapter 867 – Not qualified (1)

Master Flamespark’s voice was calm as he slowly said, “It is indeed that stone!”

The old man’s eyes darkened a bit and he said, “Rumor has it that this stone is a relic from the ancient Celestial Realm. If one can leave their name on it, their soul can directly go into the ancient Celestial Realm that is rumored to have vanished!

I didn’t expect the Celestial Bestowing Stone to be at the Thunder Celestial Temple!”

The middle-aged man named Gongsun opened and closed his eyes. Every time his eyes opened, light would shine out, and he calmly said, “Although the ancient Celestial Realm has disappeared, rumors were left behind, saying that countless years from now, the ancient Celestial Realm will reopen. When that happens, only the people whose names were left on the Celestial Bestowing Stone will be allowed to go! Although it is only a rumor, it is the only clue left!”

The surroundings were completely quiet. Aside from a select few people, almost no one knew what the Celestial Bestowing Stone was. However, after hearing what the old man named Xiang said, they all immediately understood the important of this stone.

However, there were many cultivators who didn’t know what the ancient Celestial Realm was. They all looked at their families’ ancestors.

Master Flamespark calmly said, “The Celestial Bestowing Stone shattered into countless fragments when the Thunder Celestial Realm collapsed. My Thunder Celestial Temple didn’t obtain it, so no need to think about this matter. It was when that senior captured the Moon Beast that he found me and gave me a piece the size of my fist!”

After he said this, all the old monsters on the praying mats became silent and no longer inquired about this matter.

“The three trials of heaven, earth, and human. The first trial is human. If you can withstand 10 breaths of time, then you pass!”

“Russell, enter the thunder lake!” Master Thunderspark’s voice spread across the area and a ray of green light closed in. The green light turned into a green-robed middle-aged man before everyone.

This person clasped his hands at everyone and said, “As the Lord of the Temple orders!” As he spoke, he descended toward the square. He stood on top of the square with his hand behind his back. There was a trace of pride in his calm expression.

His appearance caught the attention of the surrounding cultivators. There were naturally people who were aware of Russell’s identity, and discussions began.

“The Thunder Celestial Temple’s Russell!”

“Rumor has it that he reached the mid stage of Nirvana Scryer 300 years ago and that he has been in closed door cultivation for 300 years and never appeared. I didn’t expect him to be the gatekeeper for the human trial.”

“This Russell is not simple, especially the change in his divine sense. Rumor has it that even some famous old monsters praise him!”

Bursts of discussion echoed throughout the area. Russell raised his head and looked up at the hundreds of juniors. He was calm as he said, “In my eyes, none of you are eligible to become the 108 celestials, because killing you would be no more difficult than crushing ants! Now I’m going to point at one of you. Anyone I point at will come down!”

After Russell spoke, a majority of cultivators that came out from the transfer arrays looked gloomily at Russell. This was especially true for Xu Ting. His eyes flashed red, but he didn’t speak.

Russell didn’t waste time and his right hand casually pointed at a cultivator from the Northern Domain.

After the cultivator was pointed at, he hesitated for a moment, but it was that hesitation that caused Russell to let out a cold snort and his right hand reached out. A large hand appeared and rushed out so fast that even the surrounding cultivators could feel the wind.

That large hand moved as fast as lightning and caught the cultivator in an instant. It mercilessly dragged the cultivator down and threw that cultivator to the side.

The cultivator’s expression immediately turned pale. His was only at the Illusory Yin stage, and after being grabbed by that large hand, he felt as if ice had entered his body and solidified his origin energy. Once he landed, he immediately sat down in the lotus position.

Russell revealed his impatience. He didn’t consider this so-called celestial title competition worthy of his time. If it wasn’t for the fact that the Lord of the Temple had asked him personally, which meant that he couldn’t refuse, he wouldn’t have come to become the judge for the first trial. In addition, there was another reason why he became the judge for this trial.

After dragging down the cultivator, the impatience in his eyes became even stronger. His divine sense spread out and the world changed colors. Russell’s divine sense was extremely strange and could change shape. When it came out, a golden giant immediately appeared and a loud rumble echoed across the void.

After the giant appeared, it rushed toward the cultivator that was sitting there. It was very fast and it closed in on the cultivator in only three steps. The golden giant raised its fist and threw it at the cultivator sitting there!

This punch was still on its way when the cultivator’s face turned deathly pale and his eyes became filled with terror. His clothes and hair were blown backward by the wind created by the punch.

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up like a torch as he stared at this scene. At the moment the golden giant’s fist landed, the cultivator’s body trembled and he coughed out blood. There was a blur when the cultivator’s origin soul was knocked out. Terrified, the cultivator’s origin soul quickly retreated.

As Russell let out a cold snort, the golden giant withdrew its fist, took a few steps back, and stood next to Russell.

“Trash, with your cultivation and mental strength, you’re not qualified to participate in the celestial title competition. You’re not qualified!” The impatience in Russell’s eyes became even stronger. He felt that testing this person was a waste of his time.

That cultivator’s origin soul turned to his body. He then looked at Russell with a pale expression and opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something. However, in the end he didn’t say anything and bowed. He sadly returned to the transfer array and in a flash disappeared.

There was now one less from the original 325.

Russell frowned as his gaze swept across the cultivators in the sky and he casually pointed at a person. The cultivator he pointed at clenched his teeth and rushed down. After landing in the square, the cultivator clasped his hands at Russell and respectfully said, “Senior, please enlighten me!”

Russell’s expression became a bit softer, but he didn’t speak. Then the golden giant stepped forward and used the same spell it used before.

The cultivator clenched his teeth as his hand formed a seal and a white light covered his body to stop the golden giant. However, the white light immediately collapsed before the golden fist. The cultivator was pushed back, then he bit the tip of this tongue and spat out blood to block the fist.

When the golden giant’s fist landed on the blood mist, it caused a loud rumble. The blood mist immediately collapsed and the cultivator’s face turned pale. His origin soul was more than halfway out of his body, but as he let out a cry of anguish, there was popping sound from his body and he pulled his origin soul back in.

However, this was beyond his endurance. Although his origin soul had returned to his body, he became weakened.

“Since you lasted for 10 breaths of time, you pass, but even though a piece of trash like you has passed, you will be eliminated in the next trial!” Russell waved his sleeves and the cultivator’s body was thrown into the air. The man’s face was pale as he bowed at Russell. Then he returned to his transfer array and sat down to cultivate.

Shortly after, one cultivator after another was pointed at by Russell. If they acted fast, it was fine; otherwise, they would be forcibly dragged down by Russell like the first person and would suffer injuries before the test even began.

As cultivators landed one by one, the word “trash” was constantly thrown out. Even people who qualified couldn’t help but be called trash by Russell. Russell gradually grew more impatient until it got to the point where the golden giant would throw a punch before the participant even landed.

Time quickly passed. More than half of the cultivators had been tested and about 40% of them qualified. The man with six fingers, the big headed boy, and Nangong Shan, who had high cultivation levels, all advanced. Only when testing them did Russell’s expression soften a bit and he didn’t call them trash.

“You, come down!” Russell pointed at a person in the sky. This person was Xu Ting from planet Dong Lin. His eyes flashed red and he revealed a grim smile.

Russell’s eyes were cold as his right hand reached out and the large hand appeared. It charged directly at Xu Ting. As the hand closed, in Xu Ting’s hands formed a seal. Black gas surrounded him and formed a devil-like being. The devil-like being let out a roar and entangled with the large hand. Xu Ting sneered as he rushed out. He wasn’t going into the square just to be tested, and as he rushed out, he put his hands together and then separated them. Black gas came out from his hands and formed a black lance.

A glint of cold flashed through Russell’s eyes and then the golden giant rushed out toward Xu Ting. Xu Ting turned and gave up going toward Russell. Instead, he arrived next to the golden giant with one step and his spear stabbed forth!

The golden giant swung its fist. However, just as the black lance was about to collide with the fist, the lance suddenly twisted. What was previously the head of the lance quickly turned into a strange, black snake with a slender body. After it opened its mouth, it became dozens of feet long. This scene was too out of place and it made the surrounding cultivators very serious.

The snake’s mouth opened and directly devoured the golden giant. When Wang Lin saw this, his pupils shrank.

“The Xu family’s celestial spell, Snake Devour!” The old man named Xiang nodded and his eyes became filled with admiration.

“Not bad, this Xu Ting is likely the strongest out of all the participants!” One of the old men nodded and laughed.

Not only them, but the surrounding cultivators had all learned about this celestial spell from their ancestors.

“One of the four great spells of the Xu family from Planet Dong Lin, Snake Devour. This is a very mysterious spell, so all of you should watch closely!”

“This spell is called Snake Devour. If one meets a cultivator with lower cultivation level, then they can often directly devour the enemy and covert their power to your own!”

Celestial Lord Qing Shui was calm. He coldly looked at Xu Ting but didn’t speak.
