Chapter 868 – Not Qualified (2)

Russell’s eyes became even colder, but when he thought about the fact that this person was from planet Dong Lin’s Xu family, he suppressed his anger and coldly snorted. “Qualified!”

After devouring the golden giant, Xu Ting laughed loudly and retreated with the black lance. After he returned to the transfer array, he looked at Wang Lin with a provoking gaze.

Russell’s expression was gloomy as he pointed at the remaining people in the sky. This time, his finger fell on Wang Lin.

“You, come down!” Russell’s eyes lit up a indistinguishable amount. He already knew Wang Lin’s face. The other reason he came to judge the first trial was Wang Lin!

Wang Lin’s expression was calm and he calmly walked down toward the square. As if Russell had felt that Wang Lin was too slow, he let out a cold snort and the huge hand reached toward Wang Lin.

Wang Lin frowned slightly. As the large hand headed over, it set off a huge gust. If he didn’t dodge or resist, then even if he passed the human trial, he would be injured.

Wang Lin wasn’t someone who would allow others to bully him. His eyes turned cold and his third eye between his brows immediately opened. Red light came out from his eyes in a fan shape and immediately covered the giant hant.

He didn’t stop and continued to walk. As the red light covered the large hand, popping sounds came from the hand and it dissipated. Wang Lin landed on the square, clasped his hands at Russell, and calmly said, “Please advise me!”

When Master Flamespark saw this, his eyes lit up. When he saw the red light, it was as if he had gained enlightenment. There was a hint of admiration in his gaze toward Wang Lin.

“This child actually has that kind of spell. Although the power is lacking, that spell contains a grand dao!”

Qing Shui’s eyes were calm as he took a glance at Wang Lin and then withdrew his gaze.

Aside from those two, the other old men’s eyes also lit up. Only Blood God’s expression was gloomy and he sneered in his heart.

Aside from them, only a few people were able see what was extraordinary about the third eye. Xi Zifeng’s ancestor let out a sigh and muttered, “This person is so young and yet he has such powerful cultivation. He is not simple!”

Russell became even more gloomy. Wang Lin’s spell just now had shocked him a little. He stared at Wang Lin and his divine sense spread out. Golden giant immediately appeared, emitting a harsh glow. After it appeared, it carried with it a force that could shake the origin soul and charged at Wang Lin.

After three steps, the golden giant threw its fist. Its fist contained a power that could affect the origin soul. Wang Lin already knew this from what he had observed. At this moment, Wang Lin’s hand formed a seal and restrictions immediately appeared around him.

A large amount of restrictions appeared around him, all densely stacked together. In an instant, they split and surrounded the area.

The moment the golden giant closed in, these restrictions flew out with a point of Wang Lin’s finger. Wang Lin’s eyes were calm as he said, “Seal!”

Countless restrictions swarmed out and surrounded the golden giant. Layer after layer of restrictions landed on the golden giant. By the time it got close to Wang Lin, it could no longer move and was completely sealed by Wang Lin.

Ever since Wang Lin landed in the square, he hadn’t moved an inch. Now he coldly looked at Russell, completely ignoring the golden giant that was three inches away that was sealed in its punching motion. He turned around and walked away.

His black hair floated as he turned around and his white robe made him look elegant. Although his appearance was ordinary, he had an unspeakable temperament about him.

To pass the first trial so easily caused all the surrounding cultivators to focus. Xu Ting looked at Wang Lin and his eyes flashed red.

Xi Zifeng’s heart pounded like crazy and her face turned slightly red when she looked at Wang Lin. It was as if the events of the Thunder Celestial Realm were unfolding before her once more.

“This person’s restrictions are very strong!” The six-fingered cultivator frowned as he looked at the golden giant that was sealed.

There was also that big-headed boy. Although he still revealed a foolish smile, there was a coldness within that smile.

Russell’s face sank like water as he stared at Wang Lin. He remembered two days ago when he came out of closed door cultivation and heard something that angered him greatly. His brother was killed in the transfer array in the Thunder Celestial Realm by someone named Xu Mu!

This Xu Mu was currently at the Thunder Celestial Temple and was a participant in the celestial title competition!

Russell’s eyes became cold. He didn’t want to kill this person here, but he wouldn’t let this Xu Mu pass the first trial. After Xu Mu is transferred away from the Thunder Celestial Temple, that is when he will kill Xu Mu!

As Russell let out a cold snort, his divine sense surged out and the sealed golden giant shined brightly. It was as if an infinite amount of power had been injected into it, and the restrictions around it collapsed one by one.

The golden giant took a step and then a giant, golden sword appeared in its hand. It swung the giant, golden sword at Wang Lin!

At the same time as Russell’s divine sense surged out, not only did the golden giant with the sword grow until it was more than 1,000 feet tall, two more golden giants appeared above the square. They also charged toward Wang Lin!

The three golden giants were so fast that they created a storm as they rushed at Wang Lin. Wang Lin’s eyes turned fierce and cold and he quickly retreated. His hands formed seals and restrictions appeared to block one of the giants. At the same time, he raised his right hand and mercilessly chopped down on another giant!

Dozens of Heavenly Chops immediately appeared. They went through the restrictions and headed toward the second giant. As for the third giant, Wang Lin took a step and raised his right hand. The Wither Dao Pair suddenly shined and an evil aura suddenly filled the heavens and earth.

The third golden giant immediately dimmed and grey light flashed. Wang Lin didn’t hesitate, his two fingers formed a sword and pointed at the golden giant’s body.

The golden giant collapsed with a bang. At the same time, with the combination of restrictions and Heavenly Chops, the other two golden giants also collapsed.

However, just as the three golden giants collapsed, Russell moved! This was the first time he had moved outside of using his divine sense. He moved like lightning. It was simply too fast, and as he closed in on Wang Lin, he pointed his finger toward him!

When this finger went out, Russell used his full cultivation. His mid stage Nirvana Scryer Cultivation suddenly surged out from his finger. Wang Lin’s eyes came cold. It was too late to retreat, so he opened his mouth and spat out the Celestial Sealing Stamp.

Russell’s finger pointed on the Celestial Sealing Stamp and caused the stamp to tremble. Wang Lin immediately felt a powerful force coming from it. This force didn’t affect his body, but it directly pushed his origin soul out of his body. Although it only pushed it out three inches, before Wang Lin pulled his origin soul back in, Russell revealed a grim smile, withdrew his finger, and retreated!

“Not qualified!” Russell waved his big sleeve as he pointed at another person in the sky and said, “You, come down!”

Russell’s actions could be considered risky. After all, this battle was being watched by many. However, he considered his identity special in the Thunder Celestial Temple. Moreover, he didn’t feel like he had done something too out of line, so he didn’t think much of it.

The cultivator that Russell had pointed to in the sky didn’t speak and came down. However, at this moment, Wang Lin, who was sent out more than 100 feet by Russell, revealed killing intent.

“Not qualified?” Wang Lin had come here to participate in the celestial title competition because he had to win and was determined to take first place. However, Russell’s words had touched his bottom line!

If he was really not qualified, then it was fine, but it was obvious that this Russell was deliberately failing him. Wang Lin’s eyes became extremely cold as he closed in with one step. He didn’t even bother looking at the cultivator that was descending. That cultivator felt a cold wind, causing his expression to change greatly and making him immediately away while complaining in this heart.

“You say I’m not qualified!?” As Wang Lin closed in, a monstrous killing intent exploded from his body. Mid stage Nirvana Scryer wasn’t too high to climb. Wang Lin had walked down the path of slaughter ever since he began cultivating. Although he wasn’t confident in beating a mid stage Nirvana Scryer cultivator, he wouldn’t be satisfied if he just left! Moreover, with Qing Shui here, Wang Lin had nothing to fear!

As he rushed over, Wang Lin raised his hand and Call the Wind surrounded the area. As the black wind roared, it covered the sky and two black dragons appeared. They let out heaven-shaking roars and charged toward Russell.

Russell’s eyes lit up and he coldly smiled. “You dare to defy the will of the Thunder Celestial Temple?” He moved forward and his divine sense spread out. Nine golden giants immediately appeared.

These nine golden giants were all 1,000 feet tall and held large swords. They let out a roar in unison and charged toward Wang Lin.

Wang Lin laughed like crazy; this laughter was filled with endless coldness. His right hand was rais into the air and the Karma Whip appeared. As the two black dragons roared, the whip lashed out and thunderous rumbles echoed.

The Karma Whip moved like crazy and in an instant three golden giants collapsed! Wang Lin charged directly toward Russell with killing intent!

Russell’s expression changed slightly as he looked at the Karma Whip!

A flash of coldness appeared in Qing Shui’s eyes as he muttered, “This is more like a disciple of my Master Bai Fan!”
