Chapter 899 – Resentment Hall Vice Hall Master (1)

The moment the voice echoed, the aura of a Nirvana Scryer cultivator immediately spread out and formed a storm. This storm swept by the plant and forcibly shook the golden runes off.

An illusory shadow appeared over the broken plant. This was someone wearing a black robe and completely covered in a dark fog.

Wang Lin’s expression was still calm as he looked at the black-robed figure and coldly said, “A mere Nirvana Scryer origin soul. I want to see how you’re going to make me pay with my life!”

Wang Lin’s right hand formed a seal, and with a point of his finger, the Wither Dao Pair on this right hand flew out. When the beast bone appeared, a ghostly light flashed within its eyes. A powerful evil aura spread out and grey light appeared on the plant.

The black-robed man raised his head and looked at Wang Lin without even looking at the plant and flew away. The plant below him immediately collapsed and scattered.

Strands of purple gas came out from the plant that collapsed and entered the black-robed figure. For an instant, the figure began to turn solid.

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up as he took a step forward and his two fingers formed a sword. He pointed forward and countless bolts of thunder appeared from the void, forming a thunderstorm. With Wang Lin’s guidance, the thunderstorm closed in on the black-robed man.

The black-robed man’s expression was gloomy and he immediately retreated while his hands formed a seal. A round, black screen appeared before him. The moment the thunderstorm arrived, a thunderous explosion echoed within the cave.

The entire cave began to collapse on a large scale. The black-robed man let out a muffled groan and quickly retreated.

“Far away cultivator, if there is an issue, we can talk about it. This old man is Liu Qingyun, Corpse Sect Resentment Hall Vice Hall Master!” The black-robed man was extremely shocked. He had just awakened, so his mind was still a blur. However, after he became sober, he found that the person who awakened him was a Nirvana Scryer cultivator!

If he still had his body, he wouldn’t have been afraid, but now he no longer had a body. Also, this person wasn’t the only Nirvana Scryer cultivator. The big-headed boy was also a Nirvana Scryer cultivator, and although the puppet wasn’t, it was at the peak of the Corporeal Yang stage.

The more he looked at the three, the more shocked he became. Not to mention the fact he didn’t have a body, even if he did, he would have to immediately escape when facing them.

The only possible way for him to fight would be if he could successfully possess the Giant Demon Clan body, as he would be able to send someone away. Then he would use the power of the body to fight another and use his own spells to fight the last one. However, all of this was merely his in his mind. The black-robed man wryly smiled in his heart and quickly said, “Fellow Cultivator, I’m afraid this is a misunderstanding. I have just awakened and said some words that might’ve offended Fellow Cultivator, so I hope you will forgive me. If Fellow Cultivator likes this Giant Demon Clan body, I can gift it to you as a token of friendship.”

As he spoke, he continued to retreat.

Wang Lin didn’t say a word as he moved like lightning after the black-robed man. Faint ripples appeared under his feet and his eyes shined as he chased after the black-robed man.

“Early stage Nirvana Scryer origin soul… A weakened Nirvana Scryer origin soul. With this, I’m confident in allowing Ta Shan’s body to reach the Nirvana Scryer stage!”

Liu Qingyun’s eyes were filled with caution and he secretly complained. The reason he chose this half-abandoned planet was because there was nothing of value here to attract cultivators at this level. The plan was to quietly spend thousands of years here to possess this body and then return to the Hall to compete for the position of Hall Master.

However, he never would have imagined to attract a cultivator of this level here at the final moments. His mind quickly turned and he immediately thought that this was a scheme by the other Vice Hall Masters. The three of them must have received some unknown benefits to come and destroy his base. They must have planned to attack him while he was still in his origin form state and wiped him out here!

“Damn it. In order to not attract the attention of the other Vice Hall Masters, I was extremely cautious. I didn’t even send any cultivators under me to protect me and only secretly manipulated some things. I didn’t expect my location to still be found!” Liu Qingyun was gloomy, and as he retreated, he carefully looked at Wang Lin’s group.

The more he looked at them, the more unfamiliar they appeared. He was a Vice Hall Master of the Corpse Sect. Perhaps he hadn’t seen all the Yin and Yang cultivator in the Alliance Star System, but he had seen almost every cultivator who had reached the Nirvana Scryer stage. After all, not many cultivators could reach the Nirvana Scryer stage in the Alliance Star System.

In particular, that big-headed boy made him feel very confused. The big-headed boy’s cultivation was at the Nirvana Scryer stage, but he couldn’t feel any domain from him. Instead, he felt a powerful source of celestial spiritual energy.

“This… Celestial!” Liu Qingyun’s eyes widened and he retreated even faster.

“You can’t escape!” Ripples appeared under Wang Lin’s feet and he suddenly disappeared.

This almost made Liu Qingyun lose his wits.

He screamed, “Spatial Bending!!!” His origin soul immediately collapsed into countless specks of light. The specks of light scattered and escaped upward like crazy.

“Those other Vice Hall Masters sure paid big this time! To be able to invite a Nirvana Scryer Cultivator who can use Spatial Bending, the price they paid must be unimaginable!” Liu Qingyun was shaken, but at this moment, he was too busy to ponder it. Despair began to fill his heart.

A cultivator who had mastered Spatial Bending was invincible among cultivators of the same level. They could advance and retreat as they wished. Fighting against someone like that was a nightmare.

His origin soul turned into a ray of light and quickly escaped. However, Wang Lin stepped out from the void and mercilessly slammed his hand down! The world suddenly shook, and the powerful force caused the pieces of Liu Qingyun’s body to fuse once more. His face was pale and he was about to retreat.

A foolish laughter suddenly entered his ears. The big-headed boy shook his big head and blocked Liu Qingyun’s path.

In the distance, Ta Shan quickly closed in.

Liu Qingyun bitterly smiled. He knew that he couldn’t escape from a cultivator who had mastered Spatial Bending. He let out a sigh and said, “Fellow Cultivator, there is no life or death feud between us. Can you leave me a path to survival? I’ll definitely repay you!”

Wang Lin looked at Liu Qingyun and slowly asked, “How will you repay me?”

Liu Qingyun clenched his teeth and said, “I have the origin soul of a Nirvana Scryer cultivator, how about that?” This was the origin soul of his mortal enemy. Many years ago, he used the power of the corpse sect to destroy his enemy’s body and took the origin soul. He originally wanted to use it to refine a puppet, but at this moment of life and death, he was willing to give it up.

Wang Lin’s expression remained neutral and he calmly said, “Oh? Bring it here.”

Liu Qingyun’s eyes lit up as he looked at Wang Lin and said, “Fellow Cultivator, if I take it out and you still don’t let me go…”

Before he finished speaking, Wang Lin frowned and coldly looked at Liu Qingyun. He coldly said, “I’ll give you three breaths of time to consider!”

Liu Qingyun silently pondered before letting out a sigh. He touched between his brows with his right hand. There was a ripple and then a mirror appeared. After the mirror appeared, there was a flash of light and the origin soul of a middle-aged man slowly appeared.

Liu Qingyun no longer hesitated. He sent the origin soul forward and it landed in Wang Lin’s hand.

After carefully looking at the origin soul, Wang Lin nodded. This origin soul was indeed that of a Nirvana Scryer cultivator. However, the mind was already gone, so it was only a shell of an origin soul.

After taking the origin soul, Wang Lin shook his head. “This isn’t enough to trade for your life.”

Li Qingyun wryly smiled. He knew that the thing he gave was far too little compared to what the other Vice Hall Masters must have paid. After pondering a while, his face was filled with uncertainty. A moment later, he suddenly jerked his head up as he clenched his teeth and said, “Fellow Cultivator, there is one thing I’m sure you will be satisfied with!”

As he spoke, there was a flash of viciousness in his eyes. His right hand touched the mirror that had appeared and a powerful pressure suddenly came out of it.

Bang bang, bang bang… The sound of a heart beating came from the mirror, and after that, a corpse floated out.

This corpse was completely red, and the moment it appeared, a monstrous flame filled the world. This flame was so intense that even the big-headed boy’s expression changed.

“This is the Fire Spirit Corpse, rank 12 on my Corpse Sect’s corpse ranking. If one can successfully possess this corpse, then no fire spell in the world would be able to harm you. In addition, you would be able to control the fire of the world! The value of this corpse is extremely high and should be enough to exchange for my life!” As Liu Qingyun spoke, he immediately threw the corpse at Wang Lin.

The fire corpse was very fast and arrived near Wang Lin in an instant. However, as it got close, it suddenly opened its eyes and revealed a crazed light.

Liu Qingyun’s expression turned ferocious and he shouted, “Explode!”

The fire corpse collapsed. The power didn’t affect planet Suzaku, it was all trapped in this small area. This way, its full power could be displayed. An unimaginable amount of flames suddenly charged into the sky and spread. In an instant, all the clouds disappeared and cracks appeared in the sky.

This flame was too powerful, so Ta Shan had to retreat. Even the big-headed boy’s expression was pale as he retreated. He knew that if the fire corpse had collapsed before him, he would not have been able to escape!

He could have never guessed that Liu Qingyun would dare to fight when he was at such disadvantage! This was the first time the big-headed boy had gained a deep impression of Alliance cultivators.

A mad laughter came from Liu Qingyun, then his ferocious figure flashed and he charged straight for the sky. With his personality, he would naturally compromise. Everything he had done was deliberate to confuse the others for this moment. If the collapse of the fire corpse spread out, it couldn’t even be enough to affect the planet. However, if he were to concentrate the power, even though it still wasn’t enough to affect the planet, he was confident no one of the same cultivation level as him could withstand it.

“Although it pains my heart to lose the fire corpse, to use it to destroy a cultivator that can use Spatial Bending was well worth it. After this person dies, the other two can’t catch me at all!” As Liu Qingyun laughed, he headed for the sky. He planned to return to the Corpse Sect as soon as possible to choose a body. As for the other Vice Hall Masters, he intended to get his revenge on them.

“You can’t escape!” The cold and relentless voice was like the cold wind when it reached Liu Qingyun’s ears. His body trembled and his eyes were filled with disbelief. His body stopped moving.
