Chapter 1901

Thunder, the extreme power of the world. It wasn’t number one, but the only one!

Thunder was the might of the heavens and lived above the world. When it occasionally descended below, the thunderous rumbles were like the wrath of the heavens!

Wang Lin’s thunder essence was born from half an ancient thunder dragon. The ancient thunder dragon was created to bear the power of thunder and was the embodiment of thunder in the world.

With this half ancient thunder dragon, Wang Lin had the bud of an essence. Then, after absorbing the thunder from the Scattered Thunder Clan, his essence was one step from completion!

This step was not easy to cross, but Wang Lin created another path by creating the accompanying thunders. He used the soul of the Thunder Toad and his Ji Realm to complete the accompanying thunders, which brought the essence infinitely close to completion!

Then, on the Immortal Astral Continent 100 years ago, the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master, who had a different thunder essence, poured his thunder essence into Wang Lin. He had even devoured two Thunder Emperor Beads and transferred their power into Wang Lin!

All of this accumulated to allow Wang Lin’s thunder essence to change dramatically and condense an essence true body!

This thunder essence true body contained its own will, but most of this will belonged to Wang Lin!

Even Wang Lin didn’t expect his inadvertent action to cause such a drastic change to happen to his thunder essence true body!!

The slaughter essence was a special essence. Its power was invisible. It was composed of endless slaughter, and this wasn’t indiscriminate slaughter, but a slaughter with a purpose. This is what made it a special essence.

The slaughter essence contained unimaginable killing intent and could change how the world functioned. It was far more powerful than ordinary essences.

Back then, Qing Shui’s slaughter essence allowed him to battle against people with higher cultivation levels, which just showed how powerful it was.

Wang Lin had not used the slaughter essence much; he had mostly used it to create an imposing aura. However, when it was fused with the thunder essence, it suddenly changed!

This change was not something Wang Lin could imagine. This kind of thing was extremely rare. The fusion of thunder and slaughter formed a type of slaughter that was above everything. It could destroy all life!

Most importantly, this slaughter had a mission. This mission would start when the slaughter appeared and end with it disappeared!

Ancient legends say that when heaven was angry, it used thunder to destroy the world. Thunder existed in early times to punish living beings. Only during the destruction of the world would this slaughter thunder appear.

After Wang Lin’s thunder essence true body fused with the slaughter essence that required its own will, the thunder changed. When they integrated, it gave birth to something that shouldn’t be created, or perhaps something that could not be controlled by cultivators. The wrath of the heavens slaughter thunder!

Wang Lin stared dumbfoundedly at the thunder essence true body before him. He could not see a trace of thunder on this essence true body, but with his divine sense, he could feel a terrifying bolt of thunder slowly moving through the body.

This bolt of thunder contained the power that made Wang Lin’s scalp go numb. Once this thunder was released from the essence true body, it would have shockingly destructive power!

Wang Lin swallowed hard and gasped. He vaguely guessed that his unintentional action had formed a terrifying form of thunder.

Once his thunder was released, even his own body would be destroyed! This feeling was so strong that he had the impulse to immediately stop this fusion.

He had a feeling that this thunder should not appear in this world!! Or that it was not the time for it to appear!

The thunder slowly rotated around the essence true body and released crackling sounds. These crackling sounds were extremely clear in the silent scorpion temple. Wang Lin’s pupils shrank when the thunder seemed to show signs of instability.

It gave off a sliver of aura that leaked out of the scorpion temple and instantly spread out across the entire Green Devil Continent. Every living creature trembled and felt the illusion that they were all going to be destroyed.

However, the moment this silver of aura appeared, it instantly disappeared. Everything happened in a flash and didn’t attract the attention of any Grand Empyrean!

“Once this thunder explodes, the Green Devil Continent…” Wang Lin rarely felt fear, but this time, he felt fear toward the thunder he had created!

Just as the slaughter thunder became unstable, Wang Lin’s thunder essence true body began to integrate with the restriction essence. The restriction essence was law and rule. It formed a large net and shrouded the thunder essence true body.

Thunder had laws and rules, but they were made by the heavens. However, because the thunder essence true body contained Wang Lin’s will and the restriction essence, the thunder was no longer controlled by the heavens. It had completely changed!

The result of this change was that this bolt of thunder contained laws and rules that belonged to Wang Lin. The slaughter thunder was perfectly contained within the essence true body, and the signs of instability slowly disappeared.

In this short period of time, Wang Lin’s forehead had become covered in sweat. He looked at the essence true body before him and felt like he was dreaming.

The appearance of the avatar was no different from before, and it calmly stood there. However, from Wang Lin’s point of view, it was completely different from before.

One couldn’t see any trace of thunder on this essence true body. The inside and outside of the body were covered in restrictions that were all wrapped around a bolt of slaughter thunder!

“Perhaps… It’s not to destroy a continent…” Wang Lin stared at his essence true body and silently pondered.

As he silently pondered, his mid stage Arcane Void cultivation suddenly erupted. His power formed a storm and rotated rapidly, becoming a vortex.

Every rotation would increase Wang Lin’s cultivation level greatly. Not only was he absorbing power from the world, but also the power that had been gathering inside his body that was for the Green Devil Scorpion.

With this force as fuel, Wang Lin’s white hair moved as if there was a powerful gust of wind. Popping sounds echoed and his eyes shined. The power in his body increased, increased, and increased until it reached a peak. Then a thunderous rumble echoed.

He suddenly rushed past the mid stage of Arcane Void and entered the late stage!

Late stage Arcane Void!!

The doubt in Wang Lin’s eyes dissipated and was replaced with determination!

The appearance of the slaughter thunder was beyond his imagination. He vaguely felt his heart skip a beat when the slaughter thunder appeared. A small part of the shock was due to the thunder itself; it was the changes that were triggered by this thunder that really shocked him.

These changes was not something anyone else could feel, not even a Grand Empyrean. Only Wang Lin could feel it, because it was created by him and contained his essence and will!

Wang Lin no longer thought about this matter. When Wang Lin reached the late stage of Arcane Void, he looked at the last three ethereal essences!

Life and death, karma, and true and false!

Once these three ethereal essences fused into one, his nine essences would become three and he would go from late stage Arcane Void to peak Arcane Void! Then he could go through the nine Arcane Tribulants!

Once he broke through nine Arcane Tribulants, he would step into the realm of Void Tribulant cultivators!!

With his battle ability, if he reached the early stage of Void Tribulant, he could battle peak Void Tribulant cultivators. He could even become number one below Grand Empyrean!!!

In other words, he would become half a Grand Empyrean!!

This amount of power would make it so there was no place he couldn’t go, and no one would casually scheme against him or manipulate him!

Because he, Wang Lin, was going to become the 10th strongest person on the Immortal Astral Continent!!

While Wang Lin was fusing his essences and staring at the three remaining ethereal essences, outside the Green Devil Continent, outside the Eastern Continent, outside the land of the celestials… Outside the Immortal Astral Continent...

If the Immortal Astral Continent was the world, then there was a space-like void outside this world.

In a place extremely far away from the Immortal Astral Continent, there was another continent. This continent could not compare to the Immortal Astral. It was less than one-tenth the size and there was no trace of life on it.

One could see ruins of death on this continent. It was as if there was a large amount of life here, but it had all died in a disaster.

In the middle of this continent, there was a very large ruin of a city with a huge statue at the center. This was a statue of a woman, but it had mostly collapsed and only half the body remained. Sitting on the statue was a middle-aged man.

This man looked ordinary, but he had shockingly long hair. His hair was nearly 1,000 feet long, and it was hanging on the mostly collapsed statue.

Just as Wang Lin’s thunder essence true body fused with the slaughter essence to give birth to the slaughter thunder, this middle-aged man seem to awaken from countless years of slumber and opened his eyes.

There were no pupils in his eyes, only a void filled with death.

He looked into the distance and there was a flash of light in his eyes.
