Chapter 1903

Arcane Tribulant was a metamorphosis between Arcane Void and Void Tribulant. It was different from Divine Tribulation, which only used forms of thunder. Instead, it used a special method to cause each collapse for a cultivator.

If one couldn’t pass an Arcane Tribulant, they would die. Many Arcane Void cultivators feared the Arcane Tribulants. Many would rather stay in the Arcane Void stage rather than face the terrifying Arcane Tribulants!

Like how Dao Master Blue Dream stayed at peak Arcane Void for a long time and still hadn’t stepped into the Arcane Tribulant stage.

Once you entered Arcane Tribulant, it was like facing nine life or death situations. Not everyone had this kind of courage. Most Arcane Tribulant cultivators spent thousands of years, or even longer, to slowly pass each one.

They were not confident enough to pass through nine at once. Whenever they felt like it was going bad, they would stop it by force and not seek the fortune within the Arcane Tribulant!

Arcane Tribulant was a calamity but also a fortune.

If one passed through three in a row, their origin soul would double in size. Those that could pass through six in a row would see their origin soul triple in size. Those that passed all nine in a row would have their origin soul increased several fold! As for exactly how much, no one knew, because only two people had ever managed to do it, and both became Grand Empyreans later on.

If they didn’t divulge, no one would know. However, this revealed how dangerous it was. Rumor had it that these two Grand Empyreans were seriously injured after passing all nine Arcane Tribulants and went into closed door cultivation for a long time.

If ordinary cultivators could pass through six Arcane Tribulants in a row, they would become extremely powerful at the early stage of Void Tribulant. Ignoring treasures, they could battle mid stage Void Tribulant and not lose!

However, it was very rare for people to obtain this fortune. To pass it nine times in a row and passing it nine times over thousands of years was completely different!

Arcane Tribulants were extremely strange. Outsiders could not help; it all depended on oneself.

Du Qing had passed several Arcane Tribulants, but he went through them separately, with each one becoming increasingly more difficult. It was likely he would be stuck for his entire life. However, it was not without hope. After all, he still had a certain amount of time to prepare. It wasn’t much, but it was much better than going through them all at once.

However, the later it becomes, the more of a test of life and death it becomes, and it eventually becomes a nightmare for people. Once you enter the Arcane Tribulant stage, even if you don’t want to go through them, they will still come. It becomes a sign of death.

On the Immortal Astral Continent, someone had calculated the odds, and although it wasn’t for certain, the first Arcane Tribulant had 10% chance of death. This number would increase until the ninth Arcane Tribulant, where there was a 90% chance of death.

Based on this, passing through nine Arcane Tribulants at once not only required strength, but also a certain amount of luck.

Wang Lin was standing in the depths of the scorpion building, and he was calm. He stepped forward and disappeared from inside the temple. When he reappeared, he was on the top of the tail of the scorpion.

His head of white hair fluttered as if he was going to fly away with the wind. He stood there, waiting for the arrival of the Arcane Tribulants.

“Arcane Tribulant, how will it arrive? I’m looking forward to it…” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. He had the confidence to face any Arcane Tribulant!

His cultivated cycled faster and faster until his body gave off his peak Arcane Void aura. This aura gathered in his body until it erupted like a storm and shot into the sky. This aura seemed to fuse with the heavens and formed a shocking storm!

The moment the storm appeared, it formed an invisible pressure and swept out with Wang Lin as the center. It instantly covered hundreds of kilometers and continued to spread.

In these hundreds of kilometers, all living beings had to retreat from the pressure, and they weren’t allowed to take half a step inside!

This was an Arcane Tribulant. Once a cultivator decided to go through an Arcane Tribulant, no one could be around to help!

The pressure continued to spread, reaching thousands of kilometers in width. It slowly closed in on the dozen or so Green Devil Continent cultivators who had come to see the resurrection of the Green Devil Scorpion.

The expressions of these cultivators changed one by one. They didn’t even need to use their divine senses to know that this meant that someone was going through an Arcane Tribulant!!

“Arcane Tribulant?!! This… How could the pressure of an Arcane Tribulant appear here!?”

“Could it be that Lord Green Devil’s cultivation level dropped after resurrecting and he now has to go through Arcane Tribulants to recover?”

“Lord Green Devil was personally suppressed by the Celestial Ancestor, which means his cultivation level was extremely high. However, he was suppressed for far too long and perhaps his cultivation level has really fallen a lot…”

The more than a dozen cultivators from the Green Devil Continent all had their own thoughts and retreated from the pressure. They looked toward the temple, but their divine senses couldn’t go too far into the pressure, so they couldn’t see what was happening inside.

As the pressure spread out thousands of kilometers, at the center, Wang Lin stood on the tail of the scorpion temple and looked up at the sky. He saw snowflakes suddenly appear in the sky.

These snowflakes were white. Soon, they covered the sky, forming a curtain that surrounded the area.

“Snow?” Wang Lin looked over.

More and more snow appeared until it occupied the entire world and became the only thing floating in the sky within thousands of kilometers. As it fell, a cold aura spread out and a large amount of snow covered the ground.

The moment the snow appeared, the more than a dozen cultivators from the Green Devil Continent felt the coldness. They saw the floating snowflakes within!

“His first Arcane Tribulant is snow! This is rare…”

“There are a total of nine Arcane Tribulants. The first three are external, then the next three are internal, and the final three are soul!”

“Let’s see how Lord Green Devil will get through this snow Arcane Tribulant!”

Wang Lin looked at the snow with a calm expression. He didn’t immediately act but watched as the snow descended...

The snow became more and more dense, and it became even colder here. Not long after, the snow suddenly gathered as if time had been frozen.

The countless snowflakes seemed to turn into sharp snow blades, and they rushed toward Wang Lin from all directions. They instantly closed in!

“Is this the first Arcane Tribulant…” Wang Lin shook his head. There was disappointment in his eyes. He raised his right hand and waved at the incoming snow.

With this wave, his five-element true body moved. An overlapping shadow appeared as it walked out of Wang Lin’s body.

The moment the five-element true body walked out, Wang Lin sat down on the tail of the huge scorpion. He waved his right hand and a jug of wine appeared in his hand. This jug was from a mortal city in the Heavenly Bull Continent. He brought the jug next to his mouth and drank a big mouthful.

His figure revealed a sense of bleakness as he sat there with his white hair hanging. His appearance revealed a hint of similarity to the black-robed middle-aged man who was sitting on the broken statue far from the Immortal Astral Continent.

Lonely, bleak, and indifferent.

The five-element true body walked out and released a monstrous sea of fire. The sea of fire turned into 99 fire dragons that rushed out and collided with the endless snowflakes. At this instant, thunderous rumbles echoed.

Although the snowflake was sharp and cold, it was nothing before Wang Lin’s fire element true body! Large amounts of white gas appeared as the snowflakes melted, and in the blink of an eye, it filled the area. The 99 fire dragons gathered into one fire dragon as all the snow melted. It contained intense heat and fire as it flew into the sky.

It was like a sharp sword that pierced the sky and burned the heavens!

As it burned, the first Arcane Tribulant collapsed directly!

Wang Lin took a sip of wine and shook his head as he muttered, “Too weak…”

The sky suddenly trembled and shook violently. A powerful wind howled and nine shocking storms appeared in the sky!

These nine storms were nine tornados that swept across the sky, causing the sea of fire to spread and thin until only the nine storms remained.

An extremely powerful force came from these nine tornados, and the howling of the wind became the only sound in the world!

This howling of the wind echoed as the nine tornado rushed toward Wang Lin. They contained a powerful tearing force as if they wanted to tear his body apart!

In a flash, the first tornado suddenly closed in!

The five-element true body didn’t move, it just coldly stood behind Wang Lin. It watched as the tornado closed in and shrouded Wang Lin’s body.

The wind wrapped around Wang Lin and rotated like crazy. Large amounts of force wrapped around him as the thunderous howling echoed. However, Wang Lin still sat on the tail of the scorpion drinking wine as his clothes and hair fluttered in the wind, and his expression remained the same.

He continued to drink wine as the second, third, fourth…. Until all nine tornados gathered into one giant tornado that connected to the heavens around him. It was only at this moment that Wang Lin raised his head.

“Still… too weak!”
