Chapter 1904

Wang Lin shook his head. He didn’t know how others passed their Arcane Tribulants, but the snow couldn’t break through his essence true body and this wind could not break through his physical strength.

Even if this wind continued for hundreds of years, it would not be able to tear apart his current body.

His body was not the same as before. After the enhancements given to him by the green-robed old man, his body was extremely strong and resilient. This kind of toughness and strength couldn’t be affected by the wind at all!

Wang Lin raised his left hand and reached toward the tornado around his body. He casually tore it! Thunderous rumbles echoed, and under Wang Lin’s tearing force, the layers of tornados collapsed from the first layer directly to the ninth layer. All nine tornados exploded and disappeared.

The wind scattered. Wang Lin continued sitting there, drinking wine. The five-element true body stood behind him, coldly looking at the sky.

The sky was dark like a gloomy face. Soon, a tribulant cloud filled the sky. Thunderous rumbles filled the clouds as bolts of thunder moved through the sky, lighting up the earth below.

The Green Devil Continent cultivators thousands of kilometers away had witnessed the completion of the snow and wind tribulants. They were completely silent now.

The sound of thunder became even more intense, and even more tribulant clouds appeared, covering the sky. They pressed down and even more lightning moved within. The clouds revealed a sense of madness and violence.

However, none of this moved Wang Lin. He calmly drank wine and looked at the clouds and thunder in the sky. He suddenly laughed.

“Thunder?” Wang Lin looked at the clouds and thunder in the sky again. He shook his head and drank a sip of wine.

As he shook his head, thunderous rumbles came from the clouds in the sky. As the clouds moved, a bolt of thunder that was connected to the heavens descended on Wang Lin. This bolt of thunder contained shocking power and closed in in the blink of an eye in an attempt to kill Wang Lin!

“Do you dare!?” Wang Lin suddenly raised his head and roared!

His roar was beyond the sound of thunder and suppressed the thunderous rumbles from the tribulant clouds. The will of thunder erupted from Wang Lin’s body. This was the will of the lord of thunder!!

The thunder that was about to descend suddenly trembled and retreated when it was 1,000 feet from Wang Lin, as if it was afraid. Not only did it not attack Wang Lin, it actually charged toward the tribulant clouds!

“Since my thunder essence reached completion, only I can bring thunder down on others!” Wang Lin raised his left hand and reached toward the clouds. The clouds trembled and released a roar as if they could not bear the pressure. All the thunder inside flew out toward Wang Lin.

The endless thunder gathered before Wang Lin’s left hand and formed a ball of thunder. Wang Lin waved his left hand and the ball of thunder flew into the sky and collided with the tribulant cloud.

A thunderous rumble shook the world and the tribulant clouds collapsed without any resistance. The darkness that covered the world instantly disappeared!

The third Arcane Tribulant collapsed!

Thousands of kilometers away, the more than a dozen of Green Devil Continent cultivators could not see Wang Lin, but they could feel how easily the the three Arcane Tribulants were passed. It was simple beyond belief!

The power of these three Arcane Tribulants was ordinary, and any cultivator who had the courage could pass them. However, doing so would still take some time, and one would have to consume a lot of energy to pass the three Arcane Tribulants in a row to obtain the reward of their origin soul doubling in size.

However, it was simply too rare for someone to get through so easily!

“It must be Lord Green Devil! Otherwise, it would be impossible for anyone else to do this!”

“With Lord Green Devil’s cultivation level, he has already experienced Arcane Tribulants. That’s why he can be so relaxed while facing them again now!”

The Green Devil Continent cultivators revealed respect. They looked into the area covered in the Arcane Tribulant pressure, waiting for Lord Green Devil to walk out.

Wang Lin was still sitting on the tail of the scorpion and looking at the sky. The last three Arcane Tribulants had disappointed him. He now waited for the arrival of the fourth Arcane Tribulant and wanted to see if this one would shine.

Wang Lin was using his calmness to watch the beauty of the Arcane Tribulants.

“What kind of Arcane Tribulant will the fourth one be…” Wang Lin took a sip of wine.

Just at this moment, countless ripples appeared in the calm sky. This ripples spread and soon covered the sky.

Then a pressure spread out and shrouded the area. A giant drum 10,000 feet large descended from the sky.

The two sides of the drum were made of unknown materials. It made no sound as it descended, but it gave off an ancient aura.

The moment the drum appeared, Wang Lin looked over while holding the wine jug.

“A little interesting…” As he muttered this, there was a flash of light in his eyes.

At the same time, the sound of the drum echoed as if an invisible force had collided with it. It was as if countless people were beating the drum from different directions, creating a sound wave.

The moment the sound from the drum echoed, Wang Lin’s flesh, blood, bones, and meridians all trembled. He clearly felt that the sound of the drum was not coming from the surface of the drum, but from his own body!

This caused the light in Wang Lin’s eyes to become even stronger. As the drum echoed, he felt an itching feeling spread throughout his body. At this moment, his body couldn’t move due to the vibrations from the drum!

Just as the drum sound echoed through Wang Lin’s body, a large amount of fog gathered to form a huge fog sword. This sword looked like an illusion, as if it didn’t exist, but the moment it appeared, it released a monstrous killing intent.

The killing intent spread through the sword, and as the sword rose into the air, the killing intent became even stronger. Then the sword directly chopped down toward Wang Lin’s head!

This sword wasn’t cutting Wang Lin’s body, nor his origin soul or soul. It was going to cut the connection between his body and his origin soul and soul. Once severed, his soul and origin soul could never return to his body again. This sword affected the bloodline, which would make it so his soul and body would be like water and fire!

This would force the soul and origin soul to stay away from the body!

This was the first of the internal tribulants, the Separation Tribulant! The drum was the key. The moment it appeared, it indicated that the three internal Arcane Tribulants would begin!

This tribulant was very strange, and since ancient times, too many cultivators had died to it. Once the origin soul and soul were forced out, the body would collapse to the sound of the drum. The soul and origin soul would then dissipate to the sound of the drum.

The fog sword was silent, but the killing intent surged like black smoke as it charged toward Wang Lin. Over the countless years, countless cultivators had fallen to this sword and had the connection between their soul and their body severed.

Now this sword appeared once more and chopped down on Wang Lin!

Wang Lin didn’t know that most cultivators who had passed the three internal Arcane Tribulants had prepared for a long time before they dared to attempt them. They all went through one at a time as they carefully searched for the slim chance of survival!

At this moment, the sound of the drum limited Wang Lin’s body, but it could not stop Wang Lin’s heartbeat. He didn’t know how others countered this Arcane Tribulant, but he had his own method. His heartbeat accelerated and echoed like thunder. The sound of his heartbeat countered the sound of the drum, and he immediately regained the power to move.

The moment he was able to move again, the fog sword was closing in. Wang Lin calmly let go of the wine jug in his right hand. He raised his right palm and the bone-like Yin Blade suddenly appeared. The blade gave off a cold aura, as if it came from the depths of hell!

“Good, come!” Wang Lin smiled and didn’t even get up. He held up the Yin Blade and swept at the incoming fog sword.

The sword and blade instantly collided, causing thunderous rumbles to echo. The fog sword trembled violently, then countless cracks appeared on it and it collapsed. The killing intent from the sword seemed unwilling to back down and rushed forward to devour Wang Lin. At this moment, a killing intent far more powerful than the killing intent from the fog sword erupted from Wang Lin’s body. It instantly devoured the killing intent from the fog sword and rushed into the sky.

This killing intent seemed to have spirit, as it collapsed and retreated as if it didn’t dare to face Wang Lin’s killing intent. It then quickly dissipated.

The first of the three internal Arcane Tribulants collapsed! As the killing intent scattered, the second shocking beat came from the drum in the sky!

This sound was several times more intense than the one before, and it caused sound waves to spread out. It was like a war drum launching the sound to destroy the world!

The moment the sound rang out, Wang Lin’s body stood up for the first time. His left hand grabbed the wine jug he had released and he drank a mouthful. Then he charged into the sky!

“I’ll destroy this drum. Let’s see what else the Arcane Tribulants have left after that!”
