Chapter 1905

Wang Lin jumped off the scorpion temple and charged at the drum in the sky. The Yin Blade in his hand gave off a cold aura. This cold aura seemed to be able to freeze anything and shouldn’t be allowed to exist.

The sound of the drum echoed, and as it echoed in Wang Lin’s bones, countless shadows came out of the ripples created by the drum.

Every single shadow wore red armor like blood celestial soldiers. Thousands of them appeared, and they charged at Wang Lin with powerful killing intent.

This was the second of the three internal Arcane Tribulants, the Blood Shadow Tribulant!

The blood shadows formed by this tribulant were no weaker than Arcane Void cultivators and would not die. Even if they were destroyed, they could be born from the ripples once more. This endless cycle became a nightmare to anyone going through this tribulant!

Most importantly, every time one of the shadows died, their strength would increase slightly. If it was delayed too long, they would be able to erase the cultivator going through the tribulant!

Ordinarly, cultivators rarely faced these three internal Arcane Tribulants back to back. Most people would exit by force once they passed the first internal Arcane Tribulant. Then, after they had prepared sufficiently, they would come to try the Blood Shadow Tribulant!

The terrifying part of this tribulant was that it couldn’t be destroyed. Therefore, not many could pass it!

Wang Lin didn’t know how others had passed the blood shadow tribulant, but he had his own method. As the thousands of blood shadows closed in, Wang Lin floated in the sky and a monstrous golden light shined from his eyes.

Under this golden light, Wang Lin’s gaze gave off a powerful suppression force. This came from the fragment of the sword the green-robed old man had fused into his eyes. Even the scorpion soul had been suppressed by this gaze, so there was no need to talk about the blood shadows!

Wang Lin’s gaze swept through the sky. All the blood shadows hit by gaze trembled and no longer dared to move. They revealed fear and felt as if heaven itself had descended upon them. The invisible pressure made it feel like they would be ruthlessly destroyed if they took even half a step forward!

After his gaze swept by them, his cold voice echoed. “Scram!”

His voice wasn’t loud, but when it landed in the bodies of the thousands of blood shadows, it was like the might of the heavens. Their bodies trembled and the subconsciously retrated.

They were illusions formed by the three internal Arcane Tribulants, so they didn’t have much intelligence, but felt instinctive fear toward Wang Lin’s gaze. They retreated thousands of feet and disappeared back into the ripples.

People used various methods to pass this tribulant, but there had never been anyone who was able to do nothing but still scare the blood shadows to the point where they wouldn’t even dare to step forward!

As the blood shadows disappeared, Wang Lin rushed into the sky toward the giant drum. The drum was about to release the third beat.

However, because it could be hit, Wang Lin closed in and raised the Yin Blade. He chopped down on the giant drum!

With this chop, Wang Lin’s five-element true body and overlapping shadows appeared. They raised their right hands and the Yin Blade appeared. Three strikes followed Wang Lin’s attack!

When Wang Lin’s Yin Blade hit the drum, the third beat rang out. However, it was completely covered by the howl of the Yin Blade and the rumble of the collision, so it couldn’t be heard at all.

The three blades from Wang Lin’s five-element true body landed on the drum.

From afar, it looked like four heaven-splitting blades had chopped down on the giant drum. Endless rumbles echoed as cracks appeared on the drum and it collapsed!

The drum scattered into countless pieces, creating a powerful storm.

The third internal Arcane Tribulant hadn’t even appeared when Wang Lin destroyed the root of the three internal Arcane Tribulants!

After passing through six Arcane Tribulants, Wang Lin’s expression became more serious and he was no longer as carefree a before. These three internal Arcane Tribulants were much more powerful than the previous three. Wang Lin had to use the suppression eyes and the Yin Blade for these!

According to his analysis, the last three tribulants would be far more powerful than the three internal Arcane Tribulants. They were the gap that blocked cultivators from reaching the Void Tribulant stage!

Wang Lin landed on the tail of the scorpion and the Yin Blade slowly retracted into his hand. He looked at the sky and waited for the last three Arcane Tribulants to arrive.

The green-robed old man had not only given Wang Lin the suppression eyes and the Yin Blade, but also the celestial vein formed by the hair of the Celestial Ancestor!

This vein allowed Wang Lin to fuse celestial energy and ancient energy to a certain degree! That strand of hair contained dense celestial energy and could become Wang Lin’s celestial bloodline!

Although this hair couldn’t perfectly make Wang Lin’s celestial energy and ancient energy fuse, it had a certain affect. At least extremely pure celestial energy could flow through the vein formed by this strand of hair!

This celestial energy would allow Wang Lin to use a treasure that made him almost invisible in the cave world!

This treasure could threaten real early stage Void Tribulant cultivators!

At this moment, Wang Lin silently pondered as he looked at the sky, and he remained motionless.

The sky became dark and the clouds scattered, but a moment later, a ghostly light came from the sky. This ghostly light contained a strange feeling, and it soon gathered to form a giant seal!

This seal looked like a ghostly face, but it gave off the aura of the law of the world. It was as if its existence was part of how the world functioned.

Wang Lin’s pupils shrank as he stared at the seal. When the seal appeared, it gave him a looming sense of crisis, but he didn’t know how this crisis would reveal itself.

“This is the seventh tribulant…” Wang Lin frowned and let out a cold snort. He was about to wave his hand to scatter this tribulant, but his expression changed. He sensed that something was wrong with his origin soul!

His origin soul was originally very powerful and was sitting inside his body, but at this moment, it showed signs of withering.

In one breath of time, his origin soul had withered rapidly. At this speed, it would only need seven breaths for Wang Lin’s origin soul to dissipate and for him to die!!

This sudden change shook Wang Lin’s heart, and for the first time, he profoundly understood the terror of the Arcane Tribulants!

If he wanted to delay the withering of his origin soul, he would have to devour a large amount of power of the world. Time was of the essence as Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he opened his mouth to inhale. The power of the world around him moved, but he could not devour it!

The surrounding area was shrouded by the mysterious force from the Arcane Tribulant. Others could not enter, and not even the power of the world could enter!

The second breath arrived and Wang Lin’s origin soul withered even faster!

“What a good seventh tribulant!” Wang Lin suddenly raised his head and charged at the seal in the sky. He raised his right hand and threw a punch as he closed in!

With this punch, the Ancient Dao shadow appeared behind Wang Lin and also threw a punch. However, this punch went through the seal and didn’t damage it at all. The seal seemed to be only an illusion; it could be seen but not touched!

With this punch, the third breath arrived and Wang Lin’s origin soul withered once more. It had already withered down to almost half of its original size!

Wang Lin’s expression immediately became gloomy.

This seventh tribulant was the first of the three soul tribulants. This tribulant was called the Ten Breath Soul Withering Tribulant! Many cultivators had died to this tribulant throughout the countless years. Their origin souls withered after seven breath, leading to their death!

This tribulant was very strange in that it killed silently, which also made it extremely terrifying! The seal in the sky was the key, but it couldn’t be destroyed. It would remain there until the cultivator died, then it would dissipate!

Wang Lin stared at the seal in the sky and thoughts flashed through his mind.

“I underestimated this Arcane Tribulant… This tribulant is very interesting… It is withering my origin soul, and all the power of the world has been sealed, so I can’t absorb it to replenish… This is the only way!”

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. He couldn’t absorb the power of the world within the area, but there was another extremely pure power of the world here. It was the scorpion soul!

Without hesitation, Wang Lin moved when the fourth breath arrived. He raised his hand and pressed it down on the scorpion temple.

The scorpion temple trembled. Wang Lin’s hands seemed to contain a powerful suction force, and a miserable scream came from the temple.

When the fifth breath arrived, a soul fog scattered from the temple and rushed toward Wang Lin’s hands. It turned into power of the world and was absorbed into his body.

The scorpion’s soul had been cut into six pieces by Wang Lin. He had absorbed four of them to reach the Arcane Void stage, while the last two pieces were hiding inside the scorpion temple.

Normally, it would be very difficult for Wang Lin to find, but along with the increase in his cultivation level and having absorbed the four pieces before, he had a connection with the scorpion. With this connection, he easily found the remaining two pieces of the scorpion soul and pulled them out.
