Chapter 1906

The scorpion soul was composed of dense power of the world. When Wang Lin absorbed it, his origin soul rapidly recovered!

The sixth breath arrived and Wang Lin’s origin soul withered once more. However, with the power from the scorpion soul, it reached a balance. However, this wouldn’t last for too long, and as time passed, it would collapse.

Unless Wang Lin could find even more power of the world to replenish his body!

Most cultivators survived this tribulant by devouring pills and other things to resist this withering by force. If they could survive the first seven breaths, they would only need to endure three more after to complete the ten breaths of this tribulant!

However, the last three breaths were even more terrifying than the previous seven. Even the most rich cultivators would find it difficult to survive. This was because the withering was much faster than the digestion of pills. Before they could even absorb enough form the pills, their origin soul would wither to nothing!

Therefore, the quality of the pill was very important. Even with the best pill, surviving this tribulant was very difficult. A better pill would mostly provide one with a bit more confidence.

This tribulant put the cultivator in a very passive state. They could do nothing but endure. Since ancient times, everyone could only endure it!

Even Grand Empyreans did this. They could only endure this tribulant with large amounts of pills and the fear in their hearts!

Even the two legendary two Grand Empyreans who passed through nine Arcane Tribulants in a row had endured it. Once ten breaths passed, this tribulant would dissipate on its own.

When the seventh breath ruthlessly arrived, the balance in his origin soul collapsed. His origin soul rapidly withered, but his expression didn’t change. During the time he managed to stall, he rapidly thought of a way to break this tribulant!

“If I want to endure it, then I must quickly find where the true soul of the Green Devil Scorpion is suppressed. With the true soul of the Green Devil Scorpion, it should be easy to pass this tribulant!

“But… It will not be easy to absorb the suppressed true soul, and it would require time. I just don’t know how long…” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up.

“Tribulant is also a fortune… I still believe this. Although it is strange, it is only a tribulant after all! To wither my origin soul… I want to see if the withering force of this tribulant is stronger than my faith!” Wang Lin raised his head and his eyes released a powerful light of faith!

With Wang Lin’s wisdom, he saw through the key of passing this tribulant and knew how others had survived it. This method was extremely passive, allowing themselves to be controlled by the tribulant and survive like a dog.

Wang Lin didn’t want this kind of choice!

“I have enough faith, my origin soul also contains my faith. I want to see how this tribulant will destroy me with this faith!” Wang Lin looked at the seal in the sky with determination.

He had faced divine retribution many times in his life and no longer felt any awe toward it. He only felt the determination to rise above the heavens!

When the eighth breath arrived, Wang Lin raised his head and his origin soul rapidly withered until only a trace remained. However, this trace contained his faith, his faith to never give up and his determination to revive Li Muwan!

This sliver of origin soul could not wither in the eighth breath. It continued to exist just like Wang Lin’s determination!

“I believe my origin soul is immortal!

“I believe my existence is inextinguishable!

“I believe my life is in my own hands!”

The ninth breath passed and his body trembled, but his expression didn’t change. The ninth breath carried with it the power to wither his entire origin soul and destroy him. However, that trace of origin soul containing his faith remained after the ninth breath passed!

This was no longer an origin soul but the power of faith. The heavens and earth could erase all origin souls, but they could not destroy one’s faith. If no faith remained, then that person’s life would be at the hands of the heavens and earth. They could complain to the heavens, but in the end, it was their own doing!

Because they had given up their faith!

But Wang Lin hadn’t. His faith was like a raging fire. He looked at the seal in the sky with a gaze that could shock the heavens!

“I believe this tribulant will disappear!

“I believe I can revive Wan Er!

“I believe I can step onto the peak of the world!!” Wang Lin roared at the sky, and his faith was heaven-shattering!

The tenth breath descended with the power to destroy Wang Lin’s faith. It was like an angry wave rushing to destroy his faith!

But in the end, even after the tenth breath passed, Wang Lin’s origin soul containing his faith still existed! Not only did it remain, but it suddenly erupted!

“The might of the heavens and earth can destroy my body, destroy my origin soul, destroy my soul, but it can’t destroy my faith!” Wang Lin roared and stepped into the sky. Compared to the world, he was like an ant, but he had an aura that could change the world erupting from this body. He charged at the seal in the sky, and when he got close, he raised his hand to rip the illusionary seal!!

With this, the illusionary seal took the impact of Wang Lin’s faith and showed signs of becoming solid. Under Wang Lin’s tearing, it suddenly collapsed!

The moment the seal collapsed, Wang Lin’s withered origin soul instantly recovered. In a flash, it reached a peak and became bigger once more!!

The seventh tribulant, the Ten Breath Soul Withering Tribulant, collapsed before Wang Lin!!

The moment the seventh tribulant collapsed, the world changed greatly. As light shined, the second seal appeared in the sky.

The second seal was completely different from the one before. It was even more complex and gave off an endlessly ancient aura. The moment the seal appeared, the eighth tribulant, the Life Soul Tribulant, appeared!

The Ten Breath Life Soul Tribulant, the second of the soul Arcane Tribulants, didn’t damage the origin soul but lowered the lifespan of the origin soul!

This tribulant would turn into the flow of time. A cultivator’s lifespan was not endless, and they would eventually reach the end, just like the soul. The Soul Life Tribulant lasted just a moment, but this moment could be millions of years or only hundreds of years!

When the soul returned, the soul would die! One million years in an instant - this tribulant is much more bizarre than the previous. It was not meant to kill the cultivator, its purpose was to make the cultivator sacrifice lifespan willingly!

This tribulant was closely related to the ninth tribulant. If someone could offer 100,000 years of lifespan, then the ninth tribulant will be extremely simple and one could easily pass it! However, very few people at the Arcane Void stage had more than 100,000 years of lifespan left. Unless one had great fortunes, it was impossible.

But if one didn’t sacrifice the lifespan, then the odds of surviving the ninth tribulant were only 10%!

In the eighth tribulant, the cultivator had the initiative to decide for themselves how much lifespan to sacrifice! Generally, those that dared to enter the eighth tribulant had their own plans. They would calculate how much life span they needed to cultivate and then would painfully sacrifice the rest to increase their chance of passing the ninth tribulant.

Your lifespan wouldn’t increase after entering Void Tribulant, unless you became a Grand Empyrean. Otherwise, however much lifespan you had remaining after the sacrifice at the eighth tribulant was how much lifespan you would have left in the Void Tribulant stage.

Unless you encountered another fortune, it could not be changed.

Wang Lin looked at the second seal in the sky. After he saw the seal, some extra thoughts appeared in his mind. These thoughts allowed Wang Lin to instantly understand the eighth tribulant through some mysterious methods.

After understanding the eighth tribulant, Wang Lin thought about a lot of things. He didn’t know how the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign had passed this tribulant, but he likely had another fortunate encounter.

He also understood that what he thought before was wrong. Many cultivators that he saw that were stuck in the Arcane Tribulant stage were mostly stopped at the eighth tribulant.

This tribulant didn’t need to be passed. As long as one sacrificed to it, then they could withdraw. Even sacrificing one year would complete the eighth tribulant!

However, passing the ninth tribulant would be even more difficult!

Wang Lin silently pondered for a long time and then his eyes lit up. He charged at the seal in the sky and closed in. He pressed his hand toward the seal.

“I sacrifice one year!”

As his words echoed, his body trembled. It was very weak and almost indiscernible. The seal before him slowly dissipated.

The eighth tribulant disappeared.

The moment the eighth tribulant scattered, Wang Lin could choose to leave, but he didn’t. He looked up at the sky, waiting for the last tribulant to appear!

If he could pass the last tribulant, he would break through Arcane Void and become a Void Tribulant powerhouse!

Wang Lin took a deep breath and revealed a solemn expression. He had passed eight Arcane Tribulants in a row and was going to face the ninth and final Arcane Tribulant!

He raised his left hand and reached at the void. Golden light shined and the Li Guang Bow that hadn’t appeared for a long time appeared in Wang Lin’s left hand!

His right hand pulled the bowstring back into a full moon and, in a flash, the Li Guang Arrow appeared!

He raised his head and looked at the sky. Killing intent appeared in his eyes! The five-element true body behind him also raised its hand and an illusory Li Guang Bow and arrow appeared!

Thunder flashed between Wang Lin’s eyebrows and his thunder essence true body containing a destructive aura appeared behind the five-element true body. It raised its left hand and pulled back its right hand. An illusory Li Guang Bow and arrow appeared in its hands as well!

When he only sacrificed one year of life to the eighth tribulant, he made up his mind. He wasn’t going to pass the eighth tribulant, he was going to destroy it!

No matter how powerful this tribulant was, he would not consider it, because he was going to destroy it! Simply passing the tribulant eight times was not enough. Simply resisting the last one would not fit his character. Wang Lin had a hatred for these calamities from the heavens that he didn’t even understand himself!

This hatred manifested during the many times he had to face them in his life!

If one looked for the root of this hatred, it started back on planet Suzaku in the cave world. When he held Li Muwan as he let out a roar of anger and despair at the heavens!

As Wang Lin pulled back the Li Guang Bow, celestial energy came from the vein formed by the hair of the Celestial Ancestor and rushed into the Li Guangbow. It caused the bow to shine brightly, and the golden light shrouded Wang Lin’s figure.

The golden light seemed to turn into a golden dragon. It roared at the sky and seemed like it was going to charge into the sky to destroy the world!

At the same time, blue, red, and yellow light came from the Li Guang Bow in the hand of his five-element essence true body. These three lights were the water, fire, and earth essences. The three different lights formed three different colored dragons!

On Wang Lin’s right, his thunder essence true body coldly stood there and thunder covered the Li Guang Bow in its hand. The thunder lit up the world and the fifth dragon appeared!

The dragon that appeared was a thunder dragon covered in thunder, and it gave off a destructive aura. This aura suppressed the five-element true body and even Wang Lin’s original body!

From afar, this was an extremely shocking scene. Five dragons that could devour the heavens roared!

In the sky, the last seal appeared. This was the ninth Arcane Tribulant! This tribulant was named Reincarnation! The last threshold preventing a cultivator from reaching the Void Tribulant stage!

The moment the seal appeared, a powerful pressure that could change the world appeared. People would lose themselves inside the reincarnation cycle, unable to pull themselves out before they died!

“Tribulant destruction!” Wang Lin let out a shocking roar. His voice penetrated the golden light around him and spread out in all directions. It entered the ears of all the Green Devil Continent cultivators that were shocked by everything they had just witnessed.

“Tribulant destruction!”

“He… He went through eight Arcane Tribulants in a row, and for the ninth Arcane Tribulant, he is not facing it, but rather destroying it!!”

“This kind of arrogant thing. This… This is something only Lord Green Devil could do!”

Their faces were pale and their hearts were shaken by those two words. Inside the golden light, Wang Lin’s figure loosened the bowstring!

The moment the bowstring was loosened, its dense celestial energy was rebounded onto the arrow. The arrow shot out with a thunderous howl!

The arrow shot out after the howl!

From afar, this was no longer an arrow, it was clearly a golden dragon. The howl was the roar of the dragon, and the golden arrow as the body of the dragon!!

The moment the arrow appeared, the world changed colors, the heavens retreated, and all living things were alarmed!

The rising golden dragon carried an indescribable aura as it rushed into the sky! Behind it, Wang Lin’s five-element true body moved its right hand. A thunderous rumble echoed as blue, red, and yellow dragons followed the golden dragon into the sky!

Not just one, but a total of four dragons, four arrows shot into the sky!

It wasn’t only four, but five! Wang Lin’s thunder essence true body on his right loosened its hand as well. A thunderous rumble that could destroy the world echoed as it loosened the bowstring. A thunder dragon rushed into the sky!!

This dragon contained the aura of destruction, the aura of restriction, and also the heavenly thunder that had fused together to form a power that could destroy all life!!

Five dragons tearing the heavens!

Five arrows to seal the fate of the heavens!

Wang Lin’s golden arrow touched the ninth Arcane Tribulant’s Reincarnation Seal and erupted its full power. The seal trembled as if it was going to collapse.

Shortly after, the three arrows of the five elements arrived. The thunderous rumble was still echoing when three thunderous bangs suddenly rang out. The seal in the sky immediately showed signs of collapse, and large amounts of cracks appeared on it!!

These arrows should have been invisible, but they contained Wang Lin’s faith, his hatred of the heavens, and his belief in destroying the heavens!

His faith made this attack infinitely close to the faith spell of a Grand Empyrean, so it was able to solidify from nothing!

The last arrow was the thunder arrow that carried a destructive arrow. It was not an arrow, but an arrow-shaped thunderbolt. It rumbled loudly as it closed in on the Reincarnation Seal and erupted its destructive force.

This arrow only gave off a trace of the slaughter thunder, but just this sliver was enough to shake the heavens!

The Reincarnation Seal trembled and suddenly collapsed into countless pieces that scattered everywhere. The sky seemed to collapse along with it!

What collapsed with it was the scorpion temple under Wang Lin. The temple seemed to be unable to withstand such vibrations, and it collapsed into countless pieces that scattered in all directions.

The Green Devil Scorpion Temple disintegrated!

As it collapsed, the dust rushed into the air and hid Wang Lin’s figure. A Void Tribulant aura that caused the world to tremble came from within the dust clouds!!

This Void Tribulant aura was extremely powerful and formed a vortex. This vortex caught the collapsing sky, collapsing earth, and the destructive force of the Arcane Tribulant. This vortex was at the centermost part of the Green Devil Continent, where the Green Devil Scorpion Temple was!!

The more than a dozen Green Devil Continent cultivators all revealed looks of awe. When the pressure from the Arcane Void dissipated, they quickly closed in.

“Greetings, Lord Green Devil!”

“Congratulations on your resurrection, Lord Green Devil!”
