Chapter 1907

The Green Devil Continent cultivators were all extremely respectful as they bowed toward the collapsed scorpion temple now that the Arcane Tribulant pressure had disappeared.

The Void Tribulant aura inside the storm was extremely strong as it raged. As the aura scattered, the world changed colors; it was a if heaven itself was avoiding it.

Inside the storm, there was a looming figure. This figure was slender and his long hair fluttered in the storm. The appearance of the figure couldn’t be seen, but he released a powerful Void Tribulant aura.

Although it was only the pressure of early stage Void Tribulant cultivator, it caused the hearts of all the cultivators present to tremble. It was as if they weren’t facing an early stage Void Tribulant cultivator but someone at the peak of Void Tribulant!

The figure in the storm slowly walked out after a long time and slowly became clear. Wang Lin calmly looked at the sky.

He felt that after he destroyed the ninth Arcane Tribulant, a barrier that had been suppressing his cultivation was destroyed. This allowed his cultivation level to grow until he reached Void Tribulant!

“Void Tribulant…” Wang Lin closed his eyes. In his body, there was a giant vortex that was rapidly rotating. This vortex gave off a terrifying aura, and with this aura, Wang Lin felt like he only needed to open his palm to hold the world.

It was a wonderful feeling.

A moment later, as the storm disappeared behind him, he suddenly opened his eyes. He clenched his right hand a popping sound echoed in his grasp. A terrifying power beyond early stage Void Tribulant gathered in his hand.

As he clenched his right hand, the earth below him rumbled and countless cracks spread. The pressure of his Void Tribulant cultivation suddenly spread out. The Green Devil Continent cultivators immediately retreated and looked at Wang Lin suspiciously.

They didn’t feel the aura of the Green Devil Scorpion coming from Wang Lin. At this moment, their expressions all changed.

“The feeling of Void Tribulant…” Wang Lin lowered his head and looked at his hand. When he was about to leave, his expression suddenly changed. After reaching Void Tribulant, the Heaven Defying Bead in his body began moving at full force. Suction force was about to spread out from his body and reach into the ground below.

For the first time, Wang Lin clearly felt a fluctuation of consciousness from the Heaven Defying Bead. This fluctuation was filled with a strong desire!

This fluctuation was not something Wang Lin could clearly feel before he reached the Void Tribulant stage. After his cultivation level increased, the Heaven Defying Bead seemed very different from before.

There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes. After pondering a bit, he raised his right hand and threw a punch at the earth below!

As his fist fell it, turned into a palm and landed on the earth. Countless cracks appeared on the earth, and the surface of the earth scattered.

A destructive force erupted and entered the earth. As the earth collapsed, a giant pit tens of thousands of feet large appeared. In the blink of an eye, it reached the depths of the earth!

The bottom of the scorpion temple was where the Green Devil Scorpion was being suppressed! At this moment, Wang Lin collapsed the ground and forcibly opened a path to where the scorpion soul was sealed.

The moment the earth was blown open, a roar that caused the Green Devil Continent cultivators to tremble came from the pit. This roar was extremely fierce and was filled with endless resentment.

As the howl echoed, large amounts of green fog charged out of the deep pit. This fog was like a pillar that shot into the air and quickly formed a giant green scorpion in the sky!!

The scorpion was about 100 feet large, and the moment it appeared, it cast a large shadow on the earth below. When the Green Devil Continent cultivators saw this, they revealed looks of horror!!

“Lord Green Devil!!”

“This… What has happened? The soul of Lord Green Devil has appeared, then who is this person!?”

“Could it be that he isn’t the resurrection of Lord Green Devil!?” The Green Devil Continent cultivators had doubts in their hearts. After seeing the green fog turn into the giant scorpion, an unbelievable thought surfaced in their minds!

“Wang Lin!! He is the Heavenly Bull Continent’s Wang Lin!” one of the cultivators from the Devil Dao Sect said. More than 100 years ago, he was at the edge of the Green Devil Continent and the Meng Earth Continent and participated in the pursuit of Wang Lin!

He had some hesitation in his heart, and at this moment, there was a rumble in his mind as he recognized Wang Lin!!

The Green Devil Scorpion soul that came from the deep pit let out a violent hiss and its huge body flickered in the sky as it stared at Wang lin. There were four seals on its body: head, tail, and front and back, emitting a suppression force.

These four seals were made by the Celestial Ancestor to seal this soul and make it the power of the Green Devil Continent!

Wang Lin’s body was extremely small before the green scorpion. However, he stood there with a cold gaze and gave off an aura that could suppress the scorpion soul.

His white hair was draped over his shoulders. As the scorpion soul roared, he raised his hand and threw a punch. This punch contained Wang Lin’s Ancient Dao power and his Void Tribulant cultivation. It formed a heaven-shattering force that charged at the scorpion soul.

A thunderous rumble suddenly echoed and the scorpion soul’s body trembled and was pushed back as if it had been hit by a powerful wind. The scorpion soul looked like it was going to extinguish, but at this moment, the four seals flashed and offset the power of Wang Lin’s punch. After being pushed back tens of thousands of feet, its body still remained!

Roar!!

The scorpion soul’s body trembled and charged toward Wang Lin once more. At this moment, a dark and gloomy divine sense echoed!

“All Green Devil Continent cultivators, kill this person!!”

The moment the divine sense spread out, the expressions of the more than a dozen Green Devil Continent cultivators changed. They all looked at Wang Lin and rushed towards him.

“The Celestial Ancestor’s seal is still so powerful after so many years. This shows how powerful the Celestial Ancestor was back then…”

Wang Lin coldly looked at the scorpion soul closing in on him. The Heaven Defying Bead was operating at full speed and seemed to have reached its limit. The desire from it became even more intense.

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he raised his right hand. He waved at the Green Devil Scorpion and a flash of white light came from his hand. The Heaven Defying Bead appeared for the first time since he arrived on the Immortal Astar Continent!

The moment the Heaven Defying Bead appeared, it released endless white light and lit up the area. The moment the scorpion soul saw the Heaven Defying Bead, it was startled for a moment, but immediately after, endless horror and fear filled its eyes. It let out a roar, then its huge body stopped moving and retreated like crazy!

“White light… This is… This is the White Bead!!”

Its look of fear and quickly retreat startled the cultivators that were charging in. Their gazes immediately gathered on the Heaven Defying Bead!

Although the scorpion soul was retreating quickly, it was not as fast as the Heaven Defying Bead. The bead flew at an unimaginable speed and closed in on the giant scorpion soul. The four seals flickered as the bead penetrated them and directly entered the scorpion’s soul!

The moment it entered, a terrifying suction force came from the Heaven Defying Bead. The scorpion soul, which was hundreds of thousands of feet large, rapidly shrank before everyone’s eyes.

One breath, two breaths, three breaths!!

In three breaths of time, the huge scorpion soul shrank like crazy until it was completely absorbed by the Heaven Defying Bead, leaving only the four seals of the Celestial Ancestor. Without the scorpion soul to suppress, the seals turned grey and dissipated into the world.

This sudden change almost made the surrounding cultivators lose their wits. To them, Wang Lin was like a nightmare. They all scattered and desperately used their spells to escape as quickly as possible.

Wang Lin didn’t chase after them but stood there, looking at the Heaven Defying Bead that had absorbed the scorpion soul. His eyes lit up and he raised his right hand and reached at the void.

The Heaven Defying Bead immediately flew into Wang Lin’s right palm.

When Wang Lin grabbed the Heaven Defying Bead, his body trembled. He clearly felt that the Heaven Defying Bead had reached another level of completion and was going through a shocking change.

After pondering a little, Wang Lin waved his left hand and a storm appeared around him. This storm was 1,000 kilometers wide and gave off a terrifying aura that stopped all life from entering.

After setting up the protection, Wang Lin’s divine sense rushed into the Heaven Defying Bead. He wanted to see what kind of change would happen to the Heaven Defying Bead after another completion!

The moment Wang Lin’s divine sense entered the Heaven Defying Bead, his vision became blurry. When his regained his vision, he was in an endless void, and there was a huge gate that seemed to connect the heavens and earth here!!

There was a green arm on the door that gave off a destructive aura!

Heaven Defying Gate!
