Chapter 1908

The same gate and same arm - Wang Lin had seem them several times!

Whenever the Heaven Defying Bead reached a completion, this gate would appear. However, whenever he went in, he saw nothing but the vastness of space.

The green arm contained a powerful force that stopped anyone from entering.

Wang Lin stood outside the gate once more. Looking at the gate and the green arm, he silently pondered.

“Before the scorpion soul died, he said… White Bead… What does it mean…” Wang Lin pondered for a long time. His eyes lit up and then he slowly walked toward the gate.

As he closed in on the gate, the green arm suddenly moved and charged at Wang Lin with a powerful pressure.

Wang Lin’s expression remained the same and he didn’t stop at all. He waved his right hand at the giant arm reaching toward him.

The world trembled and the green arm was knocked hundreds of feet into the air by Wang Lin.

The arm that made Wang Lin feel fear could not stop him at all after he reached the Void Tribulant stage. Wang Lin calmly walked toward the gate.

His pace was not fast, but every step would cause thunderous rumbles to echo, as if his feet were going to break the void. When he was seven steps from the gate, the green arm rushed toward Wang Lin once more.

This time, a terrifying aura came from the arm, as if it would not give up unless it stopped Wang Lin!

Wang Lin frowned. He didn’t want to destroy this arm. He raised his head and pointed at the arm.

“Stop!”

The giant green arm stopped motionless in the air.

Wang Lin calmly walked forward seven steps forward and stood before the Heaven Defying Gate. He raised his left hand and pushed the gate open!

With this push, the Heaven Defying Gate gave off a muffled rumble and a small gap opened. Although the gap seemed small, it was dozens of feet wide.

After opening a gap, Wang Lin silently pondered for a moment before he stepped into the gate.

He completely stepped into the Heaven Defying Gate.

This time, what appeared before Wang Lin was a world he had never seen before. There was a heaven and earth but no signs of life. There was just a mountain range and a tower that pierced the heavens!

The tower was not solid but flickered between real and an illusionary.

This place was not the same as what he saw when he was the Lord of the Sealed Realm. This world was completely different from last time.

It was as if everything before was just a fog, but now the fog was removed, allowing Wang Lin to get infinitely close to the real secret of the Heaven Defying Bead!

Looking at the mysterious tower from afar, Wang Lin slowly walked forward. The mountain range slowly became an illusion and scattered before Wang Lin, allowing him to arrive before long.

This tower was square and very thin. There were four skeletons sitting at the four corners.

These four skeletons had existed for an unknown amount of time. Two of them wore black robes and the other two wore white.

They sat there motionlessly and gave off waves of death aura.

Wang Lin’s gaze swept past the four skeletons. He looked at the four towers with confusion in his eyes.

What was the Heaven Defying Bead? This problem had been with him for more than 2,000 years, almost 3,000 years now.

He had fumbled through the Heaven Defying Gate several times, but only this time did he see the tower and the four skeletons under it.

This tower had no door!

Standing outside the tower, the confusion in Wang Lin’s eyes became even stronger. After a long time, his divine sense spread out toward the tower. The moment his divine sense touched the tower, a thunderous rumble echoed in his mind!

Countless subtle sounds appeared in his mind, and because there were too many different sounds, it was extremely chaotic and he couldn’t hear anything clearly!

He vaguely heard the cry of a baby being born, the sigh of an old man dying, and lot of chaotic sounds. These cries and gentle murmurs made Wang Lin feel like he was inside a large mortal city, hearing all the sounds in the city at once!

In the end, the endless sound turned into a buzz that echoed in Wang Lin’s heart and ears. Wang Lin’s face immediately turned pale. Even with his current cultivation level, he showed signs of not being able to bear it.

It was as if his entire body would collapse if he continued.

Just as he was about to collapse, a sharp cry of a baby echoed in Wang Lin’s heart. This woke him up, making him to retreat more than 10 steps. His face was deathly pale.

His mind trembled. He looked at the tower once more before he turned and flew off into the distance. A moment later, based on his connection, he found the soul of Wang Ping and Wang Ping’s wife.

Seeing his own flesh and blood, Wang Pin, Wang Lin silently pondered.

The sharp baby cry that had awakened him was a voice he was familiar with. It was when Wang Ping was still a resentful soul, it was the first sound he had heard from Wang Ping.

“That tower, what exactly is it…” Wang Lin’s eyes were filled with confusion for a long, long time. He looked at the soul of his own flesh and blood and his eyes became soft and sad. He let out a sigh and left.

He came to the mysterious space a second time, in front of the square tower.

Looking up, he looked at the tower flickering between real and an illusion. The top of the tower was a blur.

A moment later, Wang Lin clenched his teeth and took a few steps forward as his divine sense spread out. This time, his right finger nail extended like a sharp needle deep into his palm, but there was a layer of soft light that prevented it from piercing his flesh.

However, this soft light was rapidly dissipating. At this moment, it would only take 10 breaths for the light to disappear completely. Then Wang Lin’s sharp nail would pierce his flesh and send out intense pain.

Time was of the essence. Wang Lin didn’t hesitate to spread out his divine sense toward the tower. The moment his divine sense touched the tower, that mix of sounds entered Wang Lin’s mind again.

Wang Lin’s body trembled and he felt like he had lost his mind. He was surrounded by that sound, making him like a lonely boat in the angry sea.

The sounds were endless and they all mixed to form a buzzing sound. They echoed in Wang Lin’s heart and he could not hear them clearly. Time slowly passed and Wang Lin’s face became even more pale. His eyes were soulless. As his body trembled, the white light in his right hand gradually dissipated until the ninth breath, when the white light completely disappeared. The sharp nail pierced his palm and blood dripped down as pain spread through his body.

Under this sudden pain, Wang Lin struggled and then suddenly became sober. The moment he became sober, he seemed to hear a voice looming among the mix of sounds, and it became clear for a moment.

“... Missing one…”

When he heard this, Wang Lin retreated more than 1,000 feet. During those short, ten breaths, he had experienced a life or death crisis. If not for the baby’s cry the first time and his preparation the second time, he would have lost himself in that noise!

Staring at the tower, Wang Lin revealed a rare sense of dread. Even now, he still didn’t understand what the tower that appeared inside the Heaven Defying Bead was!

And what the voice he heard the moment he became sober...

“Missing one… What does it mean?” Wang Lin silently pondered. A moment later, he looked at the tower and then left.

On the Green Devil Continent, where the scorpion temple was, the area was now covered by a storm. A white-haired young man was standing there, and his closed eyes suddenly opened.

The moment his eyes opened, there was still deep dread in them!

Wang Lin took a deep breath and looked at the Heaven Defying Bead that was fusing into his palm. He had a complicated expression.

“You… What exactly are you…” As Wang Lin muttered, the Heaven Defying Bead disappeared into his body. It remained invisible inside his soul.

“My divine sense is still not strong enough… Far from enough. One day, I’ll be able to suppress the noise and hear the hidden words to learn the deepest secret of the Heaven Defying Bead!!” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he suppressed his confusion about the Heaven Defying Bead. He had the bead for nearly 3,000 years, and he had the patience to keep waiting to unlock all the answers!

He had a faint feeling that because he could see the tower, he was very close to the secret of the bead!

At this moment, Wang Lin’s eyes revealed a cold gaze and looked into the distance. That was the direction of the Devil Dao Sect!

“Devil Dao Sect… Back then, I made a promise to destroy the entire Devil Dao Sect and its dao. To make it so that there will no longer be a Devil Dao Sect on the Immortal Astral Continent!” Wang Lin waved his sleeve and the storm around him rotated even faster, forming a black tornado. It carried Wang Lin into the distance.

The Devil Dao Sect’s calamity had arrived!
