Chapter 1909

The Devil Dao Sect was in the northwest part of the Green Devil Continent and was built on a swamp. It was one of the nine sects and thirteen factions of the Eastern Continent, which meant they had the power of a peak late stage Void Tribulant cultivator!

Only with this kind of strength could a sect become famous on such a land mass as the Eastern Continent!

On the Immortal Astral Continent, anyone who had stepped into the Void Tribulant stage could be considered an Exalt. Even late stage Void Tribulant cultivators were considered Exalts. Only those that were infinitely close to peak Void Tribulant but weren’t able to cross the gap could be called Golden Exalts!!

If one could break through into peak Void Tribulant, then they would become a False Empyrean Exalt, or just be called Empyrean Exalt! Even Grand Empyreans paid attention to these cultivators. Not only would the Grand Empyreans be courteous, they would also spend a lot of effort to pull them to their side.

After all, Empyrean Exalts were the strongest people under Grand Empyrean! There were conflicts between Grand Empyreans, but they wouldn’t act personally. After all, if they were to fight, the consequence would be too heavy!

Unless it was absolutely necessary, Grand Empyreans wouldn’t fight each other. Back then, Dao Yi and Xuan Luo were battling over territory!

However, neither of them could do much to the other. As a result, conflicts between Grand Empyreans depended on the number and the power of the Empyrean Exalts under them.

It can be said that an Empyrean Exalt could obtain unimaginable glory and status on the Immortal Astral Continent. They would obtain the attention and care of a Grand Empyrean.

Rumor had it that the reason Empyrean Exalts were called False Empyrean Exalts was because there was another layer between Empyrean Exalt and Grand Empyrean. This realm was called Ascendant Empyrean. Cultivators at this level had exceeded peak Void Tribulant and were extremely rare even under Grand Empyreans!

Since ancient times, not many cultivators could reach Empyrean Exalt. Even fewer were able to ascend past Empyrean Exalt and reach Ascendant Empyrean. Rumor has it that the Great Soul Sect’s Luo Yunhai was an Ascendant Empyrean and that’s why he dared to challenge Grand Empyrean Dao Yi!

However, this person was simply too arrogant and there was some unknown conflict between them that forced Grand Empyrean Dao Yi to kill him. However, Grand Empyrean Dao Yi allowed his soul to return to the Great Soul Sect before Grand Empyrean Dao Yi admired his talent!

Since the birth of the Heavenly Bull Continent, outsiders only knew of this one Ascendant Empyrean that had appeared there!

Golden Exalt, Empyrean Exalt, Ascendant Empyrean, Grand Empyrean. Four different titles represented four different peaks of power!

The Great Soul Sect had Old Ancestor Green Bull and an Ascendant Empyrean called Luo Yunhai who had dared to challenge a Grand Empyrean. Although this was a long time ago, his fame still existed today. Esteemed Green Bull was a Golden Exalt and he had an essence true body. Along with the Great Soul Sect’s mysterious spells, the Great Soul Sect was one of the nine sects and thirteen factions, and they were ranked high up.

As for the Gui Yi Sect, they had no Golden Exalt. Even the sect master was only a late stage Void Tribulalnt cultivator. There was a heavenly gap that he couldn’t cross between him and a peak late stage Void Tribulant cultivator.

Although that was the case, the Gui Yi Sect had more than five people at the late stage of Void Tribulant, and they held important positions.

The sect had also inherited a famous suit of ancient armor. A late stage Void Tribulant Exalt wearing this armor could increase their power greatly. If they were to sacrifice life force, they could that release power to battle against a Golden Exalt!

It was the existence of this armor that put the sect in an awkward position. Due to the fact that life force needed to be sacrificed, the armor couldn’t be worn more than three times. After three uses, one would die. However, the Gui Yi Sect had five people who could wear the armor, which made them qualified to become one of the nine sects and thirteen factions.

As for the Devil Dao Sect, their sect master was a peak late stage Void Tribulant Golden Exalt. His powerful cultivation made him famous across the Eastern Continent! However, compared to Esteemed Green Bull, although both were Golden Exalts, Esteemed Green Bull had his essence true body, so the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master was not his match!

However, the Devil Dao Sect was not weak among the nine sects and thirteen factions. Aside from the Golden Exalt sect master, they had four Void Tribulant Exalts, but most importantly, they still had an ancestor outside the sect!!

The Devil Dao Sect’s ancestor was an Empyrean Exalt!! He didn’t care about the sect and didn’t worship the Green Devil Scorpion Temple. He only cared about his own cultivation, and 13,000 years ago, he was recruited by Grand Empyrean Dao Yi!

With an ancestor like this, the Devil Dao Sect had become famous across the Eastern Continent and held the leadership position in the Green Devil Continent!

However, this ancestor’s loyalty to the Devil Dao Sect had weakened greatly as his cultivation level increased. He wouldn’t care about small battles and it didn’t matter how many people died, as long as their dao root remained.

But if someone wanted to destroy the Devil Dao Sect’s dao root, then for his own face, he would pursue this matter!

All of this was recorded on the tortoise shell map Old Ancestor Green Bull had given Wang Lin.

“In the Eastern Continent, there are only seven Empyrean Exalts remaining! I wonder, with my current cultivation level, what cultivation level will I reach if I use the Heavenly Bull soul armor…” As the storm swept forward, Wang Lin stood there with his hands behind his back and his eyes shining.

“I can ignore Golden Exalts, Empyrean Exalts… I haven’t battled any, but I really want to!” Wang Lin’s white hair fluttered. He waved his sleeve and his clothes covered his head.

From afar, Wang Lin seemed to be wearing a white robe that covered his face and even his white hair. He gave off a mysterious and ancient aura.

The Devil Dao Sect was covered in a mass of fog that made it impossible to see inside. The Devil Dao Sect used to have more than 100,000 disciples.

However, after more than 100 years of war, there were only 30,000 people left, but their power hadn’t decreased much. The four late stage Void Tribulant cultivators were still alive. Two were in the Heavenly Bull Continent, managing the battlefield, while two remained guarding the sect.

The Devil Dao Sect’s sect master had gone into closed door cultivation more than 100 years ago. He seemed to be attempting to reach Empyrean Exalt and still hadn’t come out.

Due to the Devil Dao Sect missing many cultivators, the sect formation was still active in order to protect the sect and prevent any accidents.

The entire Devil Dao Sect was inside this fog, and it was built upon a large swamp. They had brought mountains to fill in the swamp to create these celestial mountains!

They had turned the stones they obtained into slabs and placed them on the swamp so the disciples could walk on the swamp like flat ground.

The Devil Dao Sect was very large. From afar, it was impossible to see the edge. The mountains and pavilions formed an array that surrounded the core of the sect.

The center of the sect was not a swamp, but a lake. The lake was very clear, enough to see the bottom. There were ripples inside the lake as if a celestial beast lived inside.

There was a small island at the center of the lake. That was the place the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master would go for closed door cultivation and where the sect stored their spells!

Outside the Devil Dao Sect, Wang Lin calmly stood in the sky outside the fog. The white robe around him covered his face but could not cover the coldness in his eyes. He stared at the Devil Dao Sect, and the coldness in his eyes turned into killing intent.

“It has been a long time since I destroyed the dao root of a sect and wiped out an entire sect…” Wang Lin muttered.

Although Wang Lin had spent his life in slaughter, he didn’t like slaughter. In fact, as his cultivation level increased, unless he was forced to, or was put into a life or death situation, he rarely killed.

However, he was filled with killing intent right now. First, at the border of the Meng Earth Continent, the entire Devil Dao Sect had gone to stop Wang Lin from peacefully leaving. They all charged at him as if they were crazy.

While they hunted him, they threw out those heads. Although Wang Lin felt no connection to those heads, they were cultivators that had fought alongside at him the Extreme Sky Prairie.

They had died because of Wang Lin, seeing how the Devil Dao Sect had thrown their heads at him!! Wang Lin closed his eyes. He could see the miserable expressions and eyes filled with despair from those heads.

And he heard that vicious voice echoing.

“Don’t you like human heads? This is the first gift my Dao Devil Sect is giving you!”

“I like human heads… I indeed like them…” Wang Lin opened his eyes, and they were filled with monstrous killing intent.

Being captured by the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master and the suffering he had experienced in the scorpion temple couldn’t be repaid by killing one person. Since the entire Devil Dao Sect came to stop him back then, he would destroy the entire Devil Dao Sect today!

“No matter what cultivation level, no one can escape! If you want to blame anything, blame that you are part of the Devil Dao Sect!” Wang Lin had a monstrous killing intent, but he didn’t casually reveal it. However, when he did, the killing intent was heaven-shattering!

He raised his right hand and waved at the Devil Dao Sect in the distance. A sea of fire appeared and turned into 99 fire dragons. They circled the Devil Dao Sect and completely sealed it.

Shortly after, thunder appeared, forming a net. It entered the seal of fire to form a tight barrier.

After the thunder, a large amount of restrictions appeared, causing the thunder and fire to fuse together to form a powerful seal and suppression.

After doing all of this, Wang Lini raised his head and walked toward the Devil Dao Sect.

Each of his steps caused a thunderous rumble to echo across the world. A monstrous killing intent came from Wang Lin’s body and closed in on the Devil Dao Sect!
