Chapter 1910

Wang Lin’s actions looked very flashy, but with his current power, he silently finished it all in an instant. At this moment he calmly walked toward the fog and without any pause walked into the formation.

The moment he entered the formation, a thunderous rumble echoed through the world and into the Devil Dao Sect.

Most of the more than 30,000 cultivators were in cultivation. When the thunderous rumble echoed, their expressions changed greatly. They quickly flew out and looked at the sky.

The fog in the sky was rumbling violently and there seemed to be 18 shadows surrounding one person. As they attacked, thunderous rumbles echoed.

“Enemy attack!! All third step cultivators, set formation!!” An anxious voice came from a mountain in the northern part of the sect. Soon, a red cloud closed in, and there was a red-robed middle-aged man inside.

When he appeared, he immediately waved his sleeves. The red clouds around him flew into the fog in the sky.

At the same time, dozens of rays of light flew out from the Devil Dao Sect. Every ray of light was a third step cultivator.

There were men and women among them, and they all had serious expressions. After they appeared, they entered the fog to preside over the formation and prevent outsiders from entering.

Shortly after, a ray of golden light came from the southern part of the Devil Dao Sect. The golden light turned into an old man beside the red-robed man. He looked at the sky gloomily and his eyes revealed a cold gaze!

“You dare to break into my Devil Dao Sect’s sect protection formation? This old man wants to see who dares to be so bold!” with that he charged into the fog in the sky.

In the fog, Wang Lin was covered in his white robe and slowly walked forward. Before him, 18 figures roared and rushed towards him. They each gave off a terrifying aura.

As the 18 shadows closed in, Wang Lin revealed a cold gaze under the robe. He raised his right hand and waved.

Wang Lin calmly said, “Heaven Ripping!”

The moment his words echoed, the clear sky above the Devil Dao Sect released a thunderous rumble.

As the thunderous rumble echoed, a large rift appeared in the sky. Two giant arms tore open the rift and reached out. These two arms were very large, as if several mountains had fused together to form them. After the arms came out of the rift, they reached toward the fog surrounding the Devil Dao Sect.

The fog originally wasn’t solid, but after being grabbed by the two arms, the fog seemed to take solid form and was held in place.

The moment the two giant arms grabbed the fog, they mercilessly ripped it apart!!

This caused a thunderous rumble to echo across the world. The fog was torn in half by the two giant arms above the Devil Dao Sect!!!

Thunderous rumbles echoed. The fog that was torn in half was pushed to the side by the giant arms. This allowed the residual sunlight to shine on the Devil Dao Sect that no longer had any protection!

This scene was witnessed by the more than 30,000 cultivators of the Devil Dao Sect. They all stared at this dumbfoundedly. Their hearts were shaking and they were scared out of their wits.

From the day the formation was created, it wasn’t that no one had ever attacked it. It had been destroyed several times before, but it was never destroyed in such a shocking way that made everyone’s scalps tingle!!

The moment the fog formation was torn apart by the arms, miserable screams came from the two groups of fog.

The dozens of third step cultivators that had entered the fog all rushed out and all coughed out blood. Some of their bodies directly exploded into piles of flesh and blood. It was obvious they couldn’t withstand the power of those two giant arms!!

There was also the golden-robed old man that had charged into the fog. He also escaped from the fog in a sorry state. He looked at the sky with fear in his eyes.

He knew how powerful the formation was. This formation was powerful enough to block the full power of a Golden Exalt, but at this moment, it was so easily torn in half. The meaning of this scene caused the golden-robed old man to tremble.

“He… What is his cultivation level!?!”

As the scattered sunlight descended, there was a white-robed figure silently standing there. There was a cold gaze hidden under the robe that stared at the more than 30,000 shocked cultivators of the Devil Dao Sect!

The old robbed old man suppressed his trembling body and roared, “Who are you, Sir?! Why did you break into my Devil Dao Sect and destroy our sect formation?”

“My Devil Dao Sect is one of the nine sects and thirteen factions of the Eastern Continent and we have an Empyrean Exalt ancestor. Sir, you hid you face and rushed in here, who do you have a grudge against!?” Aside from the old man, the red-robed middle-aged man’s heart also trembled. Although he was at the late stage of Void Tribulant, but even he could not break through the fog formation, much less destroy it in such a shocking manor!

If the two of them were like this, there was no need to talk about the dozens of third step cultivators that had barely escaped death. They all looked at Wang Lin with fear in their eyes.

The more than 30,000 cultivators of the Devil Dao Sect all seemed to have forgotten how to breathe. As they stared at the sky, fear filled their bodies and they began to tremble.

“Did you forgot me… But I still remember you…” Wang Lin stood in the sky and his gaze swept the crowd below before landing on the island in the distant lake.

After Wang Lin spoke, he waved his right hand and lifted the robe covering his face, revealing his white hair and cold face. He looked below.

“It has only been 100 years. You all should remember the slaughter near the Meng Earth Continent. Do you recognize me now!?”

The moment Wang Lin lifted the robe, the eyes of the golden-robed old man were filled with disbelief.

“Wang Lin!!!” He immediately recognized Wang Lin. He could not forget the shocking slaughter at the border of the Meng Earth Continent. The Devil Dao Sect had sent a large amount of cultivators, and most of them had been killed by him. If not for the sect master acting in the end, it would have been very difficult to capture this person!

“It’s him!!” The red-robed middle-aged man gasped and also recognized Wang Lin! He had participated in the battle back then. He had seen how powerful Wang Lin was when he became crazy. He had watched Wang Lin kill his fellow sect members and seen the monstrous killing intent in Wang Lin’s eyes.

“Wang Lin!! It’s him!!”

“Wasn’t he captured by the sect master more than 100 years ago and sent to the scorpion temple!? He isn’t dead?!”

“It’s actually him. Back then, at the edge of the Meng Earth Continent, he slaughtered a river of blood. My Devil Dao Sect sent out a large number of cultivators and even the sect master act to capture him!!”

The two late stage Void Tribulant cultivators weren’t the only two who recognized him. Some of the dozens of third step cultivators recognized him too. The ones who recognized him were people who had participated in that battle!

“Back then, I said…” Wang Lin withdrew his gaze and raised his right hand. Intense pain came from his right hand and his right hand gave off a powerful yin aura!

“If I escape….” Wang Lin muttered as the tip of the Yin Blade extended out from this palm.

“I’ll make the Devil Dao Sect…” The Yin Blade rapidly grew longer, but this wasn’t the end; it kept growing!

“Disappear from the Immortal Astral Continent. The entire sect will be destroyed and its name will disappear!” The Yin Blade was nearly 30 feet long and was even taller than Wang Lin. He raised his right hand and the sun shined on the blade, making it off a cold, white light. A monstrous yin energy surrounded Wang Lin!

The moment the Yin Blade appeared, Wang Lin charged down at the cultivators below. His speed was faster than lightning. He didn’t need to use any great spells, as he was going to use this blade to slaughter the entire sect!

This way, he could rebuild the tower of heads!

The expression of the golden-robed old man changed greatly. He felt a terrifying aura from Wang Lin’s body and had a feeling that made his heart tremble. However, he could not back down. As a late stage Void Tribulant cultivator of the Devil Dao Sect, he could not escape this battle!

At this moment, he let out a roar and charged at Wang Lin with the red-robed middle-aged man. The two teamed up to resist Wang Lin!

With Wang Lin’s current strength, he didn’t need to wear the soul armor to threaten late stage Void Tribulant cultivators. As the two late stage Void Tribulant cultivators closed in, Wang Lin’s Yin Blade chopped down!

“Kill!!” A shocking roar came from his mouth!

“Kill!!” Behind him, his five-element true body appeared and also raised its Yin Blade. For the first time, it also let out the same roar as Wang Lin!

“Kill!!” Behind the five-element true body stood the thunder essence true body. The thunder Yin Blade rose into the air and the third roar echoed!

The three roars of “kill” echoing forming a shocking sound wave. This sound replaced all other sounds in the world and shook the hearts of all the cultivators in the Devil Dao Sect. It also caused all their attention to gather on the three rapidly approaching figures under the sun!!
