Chapter 1911

As Wang Lin tore open the Devil Dao Sect’s protection and raised the Yin Blade, the war in the Heavenly Bull Continent was reaching its peak.

The war that had lasted more than 100 years had spread even further as time passed. Tens of millions of kilometers of area was engulfed in war. This war had affected most of the Heavenly Bull Continent.

A large amounts of Green Devil Continent cultivators had crossed the empty Pill Sea and entered the Heavenly Bull continent under the leadership of third step cultivators and even Exalts. The many layers of protection of the Heavenly Bull Continent had collapsed, and they had slaughtered into the core.

The Green Devil Continent cultivators had formed two armies and had surrounded the Gui Yi Sect and Great Soul Sect for this final battle!

Two of the three Golden Exalt ancestors of the Green Devil Continent were gathered outside the Great Soul Sect.

As for the Gui Yi Sect, there were many Exalts leading the Green Devil Continent cultivators on a slaughter.

This battle had lasted for only 100 years, but its intensity was unprecedented. Countless cultivators from both continents had died!

Third step cultivators had fallen, Exalts had fallen, and too many ordinary cultivators had fallen.

However, during this war between the two continents, some nameless people shined like stars and became famous across both continents, or those already famous had become even more powerful in this war.

On the Heavenly Bull Continent’s side, Yun Yifeng was such a person! He had killed many Green Devil Contient cultivators and reached a high cultivation level with the Eight Blade Soul Slicer to make himself famous!

Several months ago, he left the scorpion temple and returned to the Heavenly Bull Continent to participate in this final battle!

Aside from him, Tang Jia and Edge Cloud had also become famous due to the Heavenly Bull soul armor!

Several people from the Great Soul Sect had risen as well and become the brightest lights beside the old ancestor!

The Green Devil Continent also had cultivators like this, like Void Cloud, who Wang Lin had killed twice. His original body was still in the Heavenly Bull Continent, as Wang Lin had only killed his avatars.

Void Cloud’s sword cultivation was extraordinary and had caught the attention of everyone here. Under Void Cloud, there were several more people, and along with the people who rose up in the Heavenly Bull Continent, these less than 20 people were now the leaders of this war!

It was as if the purpose of this battle was to highlight the glory of these less than 20 cultivators!

This war continued to be carried out by the Great Soul Sect and the Gui Yi Sect. The 16 cultivators from both sides released their full power as if the battlefield was a stage for them to perform on!

Wang Lin was still inside the Devil Dao Sect!

Wang Lin didn’t want to show himself, he just wanted revenge, but by doing this, he was revealing his own light. If anyone was paying attention to the war between the two continents, they would definitely not ignore Wang Lin!

What Wang Lin was doing was not something those 16 geniuses could compare to; he completely suppressed them!

He leaped into the air and raised the Yin Blade in his hand. Behind him, the five-element true body and the thunder essence true body also raised their Yin Blades and chopped down on the incoming golden-robed old man and the red-robed man!

The three figures were brilliant under the sun and instantly closed in!

Three heaven-shattering roars replaced all sound in the world and absorbed the full attention of the 30,000 cultivators below. It was as if time had stopped at this moment!

This battle would make Wang Lin famous on the Immortal Astral Continent. This battle would make Wang Lin’s name rise on the Immortal Astral Continent!!

Fighting two Void Tribulant Exalts alone was enough to shock anyone! They were true Void Tribulant Exalts, and although they might have never become Golden Exalts, they were still terrifying Void Tribulant Exalts that everyone looked up to!!

Any one of them was far more more powerful than the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign. Any of them could’ve killed the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign as easily as taking something out of their pockets.

Today, both of them were attacking at once, so how could this battle not shock everyone?

The Yin Blade swept down and instantly closed in on the golden-robed man. Thunderous rumbles echoed as the blade covered in yin energy collided with the golden-robed old man!

The golden-robed old man let out a shocking roar. His hands formed seals and then he threw out all his treasures. All of these treasures gave off powerful auras, and at the same time, he bit the tip of his tongue to spit out blood. He casted the strongest spell he had as a Void Tribulant cultivator!

“Golden Metal Dao!” As he roared, a golden light surrounded him, forming a protective layer around him. He looked like a battle celestial that had to be respected!!

“Great Power Devil!” A second roar came from the golden light. Black gas appeared and surrounded the golden light to form an even larger devil god!

The devil god looked fierce and wore an armor made of black fog that gave off a destructive aura, as if it could destroy the world. It formed a fist, which caused popping sounds to echo, and collided with Wang Lin’s Yin Blade.

Thunderous rumbles echoed across the world. Wang Lin’s Yin Blade collided with the devil god. Wang Lin’s Yin Blade contained his full cultivation, so it cut into the hand of the devil god like he was cutting through paper.

There was no resistance as the blade cut through all treasures, through the arm of the devil god, and through the body of the devil god, landing on the golden body of the golden-robed old man!

The golden light trembled and the old man inside coughed out a mouthful of blood. His face became pale and his eyes were filled with fear. The devil god around him was cut in half by Wang Lin’s blade like it couldn’t resist at all!

The devil god collapsed and the golden light trembled. Wang Lin’s five-element true body closed in with its Yin Blade and chop down on the golden light around the old man.

The golden light trembled and erupted with the sound of a mirror collapsing. The light shattered into countless pieces, revealing the golden-robed old man, who was filled with despair.

The fear and horror in the golden-robed old man’s eyes were replaced by a thunder Yin Blade. Thunder rumbled as Wang Lin’s thunder essence chopped down with its Yin Blade!

With this chop, the thunder Yin Blade moved at an unimaginable speed across the old man’s neck. Blood sprayed out as the old man’s head was cut off and his origin soul collapsed to the blade!

A Void Tribulant Exalt died like this!

All of this happened too fast, too fast for the 30,000 Devil Dao Sect members to react. The elder that they respected, who had heaven-piercing power, had his head cut off and body turned into a mist of blood!

The moment the old man died, the red-robed man closed in. His face had turned pale and his pupils shrank. He was scared out of his wits, and without hesitation, he retreated like crazy, trying to leave. At this moment, he didn’t care about the Devil Dao Sect; nothing was more important than his own life!

However, thinking about escaping now was too late! In truth, the moment Wang Lin ripped open the fog formation, escape was no longer an option for the cultivators here!

Wang Lin turned and his eyes erupted a dazzling, golden light. This golden light came from the fragment of the Celestial Ancestor’s sword. The golden light shot straight toward the escaping red-robed man.

Although this man was a Void Tribulant Exalt, he was still going to be suppressed by Wang Lin’s eyes!

When his gaze swept past the red-robed man, the red-robed man’s heart trembled as if a sword had pierced his heart. At this moment, Wang Lin raised his left hand and waved.

The entire Devil Dao Sect’s sky darkened, then a giant palm appeared in the sky and smashed down toward the earth.

This palm had nine fingers!!

This scene caused the red-robed old man to let out a miserable scream. He retreated like crazy as he formed seal and used all his spells.

At the same time, the 30,000 cultivators below scattered like crazy to leave the shadow of the palm print. However, the giant, nine-fingered palm covered most of the Devil Dao Sect!

There wasn’t just one palm. After it, two more giant palms followed. One came from the five-element true body, while the second came from the thunder essence true body. Three palm prints filled with destructive aura closed in on the red-robed man!

The man’s body was covered in a large amount of red fog. The fog turned into two huge arms and rose up as if they were going to support the sky!!
