Chapter 1912

The two arms formed by the red fog seemed to contain endless power and had killed countless cultivators to make him famous.

However, facing Wang Lin’s palm, they were destroyed like withered wood!

The moment the two arms touched the palm print, they immediately collapsed. The first palm print rapidly descended and touched the red fog around the red-robed man!

The fog scattered and the red-robed man inside roared and bit the tip of his tongue to spit out blood. He raised his arms to collide with the palm print once more.

“Devil Dao Blood Body!” The red-robed man’s expression was fierce and revealed a hint of madness. Blood erupted from the 36,000 pores on his body and covered him to form a blood body!!

There was an extremely pure Devil Dao aura coming from his blood body. His left hand contained dao and his right hand contained devil. When his arms pushed out, the first palm print collapsed before him!

When the palm print collapsed, the red-robed man coughed out blood, but the blood was immediately absorbed by him. He retreated several steps and the second palm print landed.

The red-robed man’s hair was scattered and he seemed to have lost his mind. The only thing that remained was his unwillingness to die and a sense of madness. His legs began to rapidly wither and his blood and flesh began to move. All of his flesh and essences seemed to gather in his arms.

His arms suddenly expanded several folds, making for an extremely shocking sight!

Wang Lin had seen Big Head use this kind of spell before, but it was not nearly as amazing as the red-robed man’s. Not only did his legs wither, but even his body withered. All the flesh and blood gathered in his arms and smashed into the second palm print in the sky!

Thunderous rumbles shook the world. The second palm print created by the five-element true body collided with the red-robed man. The palm print collapsed and the red-robed man’s body trembled. He continued to step back, and his left arm exploded into a mist of blood.

His eyes were filled with despair. When the third palm print closed in, he let out the last roar of his life. He knew he could not escape, but he wanted to fight!

In a flash, he rushed into the sky toward the third palm print. His soul began to burn and his origin soul gave off a destructive aura. At this moment of life or death, he decided to burn his life in exchange for a surge in power!

His cultivation level increased from Void Tribulant Exalt like crazy as he burned his life force. When the third palm print closed in, his cultivation leaped into Golden Exalt!!

The moment he became a Golden Exalt, the third palm print collided with him and a thunderous rumble echoed. The thunder palm print collapsed, but this was just ordinary thunder, not slaughter thunder.

After the palm print scattered, the red-robed man had a crazed look. His body was a bloody mess, but he didn’t die. He stared at Wang Lin and knew he only had 10 breaths left to live. After 10 breaths, he would die, and Wang Lin wouldn’t have to do anything!

However, the only thought in his mind was that death was the price for 10 breaths of Golden Exalt strength to kill Wang Lin, who had forced him into this situation.

Without hesitation, he charged at Wang Lin!

“Die!” He let out a fierce roar filled with killing intent, and he closed in on Wang Lin on the second breath!

Wang Lin didn’t dodge, he just coldly looked at the red-robed man.

“You’re qualified for me to use 70% of my power!” Wang Lin muttered as the red-robed man closed in. He raised his right hand and the Yin Blade retracted. His eyes lit up and his five-element true body and thunder essence true body fused with him. Then he threw a punch at the red-robed man!

This punch was 70% of Wang Lin’s power. This punch was a fusion of his Ancient Dao and Void Tribulant cultivation, with the celestial vein releasing 70% of its power!

The punch looked powerless, but it caused the world to change colors and tremble. The void between the two of them distorted and ripples echoed. Wang Lin’s punch seemed to exceed time and space as it landed on the red-robed man’s chest.

The Golden Exalt red-robed man’s body trembled. He revealed a bitter smile as his body exploded!

He still had seven more breaths of Golden Exalt strength, but there was no need to spend that time!

The moment he died, the red-robed man clearly knew how strong Wang Lin was. He was not Wang Lin’s match! Even though he had burned his soul and life, he was still not Wang Lin’s match!

“Is this Golden Exalt…” Wang Lin’s eyes were filled with battle intent. He had only used 70% of his power, but he felt how powerful Golden Exalts were.

When the red-robed man died, the 30,000 cultivators and dozens of third step cultivators scattered to escape. However, Wang Lin had already sealed the Devil Dao Sect, so they couldn’t escape.

Wang Lin stood there with a cold gaze. He looked at the lake at the center of the sect and the island on the lake.

“You still won’t show yourself!” Wang Lin’s words echoed like thunder, but no sound came from the lake!

“Are you attempting to break through? I’ll give you the chance!” Wang Lin waved his sleeve and he appeared next to a third step cultivator of the Devil Dao Sect. His finger swiped by and a head flew off.

“You all shouldn’t have joined the Devil Dao Sect…” Wang Lin turned and stepped away. He appeared before another third step cultivator, and as that person howled, his finger pierced that person’s forehead.

At the same time, the seal around the Devil Dao Sect rumbled. The seal around the sect rapidly shrank. Any Devil Dao Sect cultivator that touched the seal died.

Since Wang Lin said he was going to destroy the sect, he was going to destroy the sect. Not a single member would be allowed to escape!

Wang Lin indifferently moved and killed those dozens of third step cultivators one by one. He stood at the edge of the half-empty lake and looked at the island. Screams entered his ears as large amounts of the 30,000 Devil Dao Sect cultivators died.

These miserable screams continued to echo across the world. They entered Wang Lin’s ears and also the heart of the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master. who was still in closed door cultivation.

The Devil Dao Sect's sect master’s expression was distorted. His eyes were red, but he continued to endure. He… didn’t dare to leave!

He didn’t dare. He had watched Wang Lin kill the golden-robed old man and saw the red-robed man sacrifice his own life to reach Golden Exalt cultivation. However, what made him tremble was Wang Lin’s punch!!

That simple-looking punch had instantly killed a Golden Exalt!! The Devil Dao Sect's sect master had divinated thousands of times to see if he could survive that punch!

After doing so more than 1,000 times, he died 50% of the time! However, this was only 70% of Wang Lin’s power. Once Wang Lin used full power... the consequences were very clear!

What’s more, the Devil Dao Sect's sect master clearly knew that Wang Lin still had the Heavenly Bull soul armor!! Wang Lin hadn’t even used the armor yet!!

“I can’t go out!! I have already reported the matter here to the old ancestor. I don’t know if he can rush back…” The screams from outside made his heart ache, but his expression soon became cold.

“So what if they die? Even if the entire Devil Dao Sects dies, as long as I’m still alive, it can be rebuilt. The more death and destruction there is, the more likely it is to anger the old ancestor!!

“And I also have a back up plan. The agreement between me and the Great Soul Sect’s Esteemed Green Bull has come to an end. The final battle must be happening right now...

“The two continents have been acting out this play for tens of thousands of years. In the last 100 years, we made it even more real by sacrificing large amounts of cultivators!

“Using this price… We must be able to attract the attention of the royal family!! The Celestial Emperor that came out of closed door cultivation more than 100 years ago must have noticed… An Imperial Edict will be sent!!”

The Devil Dao Sect's sect master was enduring the screams from outside when his eyes became cold. Outside, Wang Lin looked at the lake and saw the shadow moving under the water.

The rapidly contracting seal had killed most of the Devil Dao Sect cultivators and destroyed a large amount of buildings, leaving the sect in ruins. It was condensing toward the center of the lake!

At this moment, on the Heavenly Bull Continent, a big event occured!!

The Gui Yi Sect was surrounded by countless Green Devil Continent cultivators. They began a crazed slaughter in an attempt to open the Gui Yi Sect formation. Both sides had seven or eight geniuses that had risen up, and the two armies fought regardless of death.

All the Void Tribulant cultivators, including the sect master and the several Void Tribulant cultivators from the Green Devil Continent, all raised their heads to look at the sky!

At this moment, the sky was covered by a monstrous, golden light. Under this golden light, all the cultivators inside and outside the Gui Yi Sect stopped fighting and looked at the sky in horror.

A wave of endless pressure came from the sky and descended. A golden figure calmly stood inside the golden light and looked down!

“Heavenly Bull Continent, Green Devil Continent, all members of the celestial clan, accept this edict!!”

There were two more of the same figure. One appeared outside the Great Soul Sect and one moved at an indescribable speed toward the Green Devil Continent!
