Chapter 1920

After fusing the dao with the body, a punch or kick could contain a number of spells. This was the strongest way to display power for an Empyrean Exalt. The Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor could fuse 27 spells within his fist. It was strong enough to wipe out any cultivator below Empyrean Exalt.

The key was the number of spells that could fuse, not the amount of different spells. Some Empyrean Exalts might not have dozens of spells, but they could fuse dozens of the same spell and reach similar combat power.

The key was the amount!

After the Rapid Spell Art reached six Spell Veins and allowed Wang Lin to create 97 afterimages, his speed reached a terrifying degree. Wang Lin could use this trick to instantly cast 98 spells.

He could do this because his current combat power had reached Empyrean Exalt. If one hadn’t reached Empyrean Exalt combat power, then even with nine Spell Veins, hundreds of afterimages, and casting hundreds of spells, they wouldn’t be a match for an Empyrean Exalt.

Even if an Empyrean Exalt learned the Rapid Spell Art, if they could only use 27 spells, even if hundreds of afterimages used those spells, they would still only display power similar to the 27 spells their original body could display.

Because their limit would be 27 spells, it couldn’t be exceeded. Just like how a bottle could only hold so much water. No matter how much water you tried to fill it with, it could only hold so much.

But Wang Lin was different. His actual battle strength was infinitely stronger due to his Ancient Dao body and because of the soul blood. The soul blood played a vital role.

As a result, with his current borrowed Golden Exalt cultivation, the battle strength he could display was even greater.

This was also why Wang Lin could battle people above his cultivation level after fusing his ancient and celestial powers! The other reason Wang Lin had become so strong here even though he wasn’t as strong in the cave world was his strongest avatar in the void!

These three powers fusing together was the reason why Wang Lin possessed the combat power he had now!

His body was the bottle, his cultivation was the water, and the strongest avatar was what made the bottle flexible, as if was elastic and could continue to expand.

The existence of the soul blood made Wang Lin undergo a change. Normally, this change wouldn’t reveal itself, but it was one of the reasons for Wang Lin’s strength. It was a fundamental difference that made the other Ancient clan members not be able to match up to Wang Lin.

All these fortunes might not seem important one at the time, but stacked together, they caused a shocking effect!

As the black hole closed in, the 98 Wang Lins appeared. The 98 Wang Lins didn’t use 98 different spells, they all used the same one!

He performed the Heaven Bull Charge he had obtained from the sliver of memory after using the Heavenly Bull soul armor 98 times!

This Heavenly Bull Charge could perfectly display the borrowed power.

The 98 bodies all raised their hands and formed horns on their heads. As a continuous roar echoed, they charged forward!

The earth trembled and the sky turned into the void. The sun in the sky collapsed, and the only things left in the world were the Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor, his black hole, and the 98 Wang Lins!

The 98 Wang Lins dissipated until one body was left. It let out a heaven-shattering roar after using 98 Heavenly Bull Charges!

As the roar echoed, a giant Heavenly Bull shadow appeared. This shadow was very real, as if the Heavenly Bull’s true body had escaped. After it appeared, it let out a Heavenly Bull roar!

This Heavenly Bull shadow was completely green and gave off an ancient aura. It contained an indomitable aura and raised its head. The two large, black horns charged forward as it let out a roar.

Heavenly Bull Charge!

From afar, the giant Heavenly Bull shadow covered Wang Lin, and it slammed into the black hole with its two black horns.

If this scene became a painting, it would become a beautiful treasure across the Immortal Astral Continent.

Rumble, rumble, rumble, rumble!!

The 27 spells inside the black hole were destroyed. The black hole itself trembled and disintegrated due to the impact!

The collapse of the black hole caused the Heavenly Bull’s giant head to pause for a moment, but it could not stop it. The Heavenly Bull charged toward the Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor.

All of this happened very fast. The moment the black hole collapsed, the horn of the Heavenly Bull arrived before the Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor.

The red-haired old man’s expression suddenly changed. His eyes revealed a rare trace of shock and he rapidly retreated.

“A fusion of 98 spells. He can’t fuse the dao with his body, but this method achieves a similar effect. If he could use one more spell, wouldn’t he be stronger!?

“The limit of Empyrean Exalt is 99, and one more than that would be considered reaching Ascendant Empyrean! After borrowing the power of the soul armor, he is so powerful!!” The red-haired old man raised his hands. With a roar, he attacked several times.

“This is almost enough to be comparable to an Ascendant Empyrean cultivator!! He hasn’t fused his dao with his body and these 98 spells are not a whole; they were fused by force and are not perfect, but even so, I can barely resist!”

Every punch was formed by a fusion of 27 spells, and they all collided with the Heavenly Bull. This caused the 98 spells inside the Heavenly Bull to collapse one by one.

The collision with the black vortex earlier had caused nearly 40 spells to collapse within the Heavenly Bull. Now the red-haired old man attacked once more, and more than 40 spells collapsed again.

However, more than 10 spells hadn’t dissipated, and they slammed into the red-haired old man. He coughed out blood and was pushed back, but at the same time, Wang Lin created 98 afterimages once more. With a roar, the second Heavenly Bull Charge appeared!

Another large Heavenly Bull appeared in the sky and charged forward.

“What powerful strength and speed. I couldn’t even resist the first wave, and the second wave arrived so fast! His body has to be extremely powerful to be able to bear casting continuously like this!!”

The red-haired old man suddenly retreated. As the second Heavenly Bull shadow charged at him again, a Grand Empyrean aura erupted from the purple dao robe he was wearing.

This dao robe was a gift from Grand Empyrean Dao Yi. At key moments, it could save one's life!

When the Grand Empyrean aura appeared, a vague shadow appeared before the Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor. This shadow was formed by a sliver of Grand Empyrean Dao Yi’s divine sense.

This figure appeared suddenly and blocked the Heavenly Bull Charge. Then it suddenly turned and threw a punch at the Heavenly Bull Charge!

This punch looked very ordinary, like a mortal was throwing it. Even the world was calm, like if nothing happened, but the Heavenly Bull instantly collapsed. The 98 spells inside were all destroyed.

When the Heaven Bull shadow collapsed, Wang Lin was pushed out and his face was pale, but his eyes were fierce.

“Grand Empyrean Dao Yi!!”

“Greetings, Grand Empyrean Dao Yi!!” Behind the vague shadow, the Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor immediately clasped his hands and bowed toward the shadow.

The shadow was originally a blur, but soon it went from a blur to clearly revealing the figure inside.

This was a young man wearing a dao robe. He only looked around 20-something. He had black hair and sharp brows. He was very handsome, and his star-like eyes that would make one lose themselves if one looked into them.

He wore a simple dao robe and looked very ordinary standing there. However, the heavens didn’t move, the wind didn’t move, nothing moved! Even the operation of the heavens and earth seemed to completely stop.

Before him, there was still some dust floating. That dust had floated into the air due to the battle and should have fallen down, but right now it was frozen in the air.

There was also the collapsed earth. Some of the surface was being torn apart by the shockwave of the battle, but right now, it was completely frozen.

This scene caused Wang Lin’s pupils to shrink. He even felt that his own heartbeat began to slow due to this strange aura; it was as if it was going to stop like everything else.

What was particularly shocking was the blood the Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor had coughed out. It should have fallen to the earth, but it was now floating.

“Is this the power of a Grand Empyrean… This is just a sliver of divine sense left on the robe… Just this sliver of divine sense can have such shocking pressure that the world and everything in it doesn’t dare to move!”

Wang Lin looked ahead. It wasn’t that everything was frozen, but everything didn’t dare to move after Grand Empyrean Dao Yi appeared.

“You are qualified to follow me. Those that follow me won’t die as long as I don’t die!” the black-haired youth slowly said as he looked at Wang Lin. His eyes were filled with endless wisdom and light.
