Chapter 1921

The black-haired youth was Grand Empyrean Dao Yi. He looked at Wang Lin, and his words contained a strange force that would make anyone who heard them feel endless awe and conviction.

It was as if his words were the rule of the world and his voice was the promise of the heavens.

I won’t die, you won’t die!

This was a heavy commitment Grand Empyrean Dao Yi had given to recruit Wang Lin. Although he looked very calm and casual, this promise was very heavy!

When the Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor heard the promise from Grand Empyrean Dao Yi, his expression changed. Waves of emotions echoed in his heart and he looked at Wang Lin with a complicated expression.

He had followed Grand Empyrean Dao Yi for more than 10,000 years and had a vague understanding of Grand Empyrean Dao Yi. This kind of commitment was very rare from him!

It has to be said that when Grand Empyrean Dao Yi recruited him, he only said, “I won’t die and you won’t die for 100,000 years!”

But at this moment, the Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor noticed that there was no time added to Grand Empyrean Dao Yi’s words. It was actually “I won’t die, you won’t die!

The meaning of this sentence was too great!!

“This person obtained the high recognition of the Heavenly Bull soul and has power close to an Empyrean Exalt. After putting on the soul armor, his cultivation level is infinitely lose to Ascendant Empyrean. This person… No wonder Grand Empyrean Dao Yi values him so much.” The Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor sighed in his heart.

Wang Lin silently pondered. Grand Empyrean Dao Yi was the first Grand Empyrean he had met, and he can hear the promise in those words.

“Grand Empyrean, this matter is very important to me. I can’t decide immediately and need to consider.” Wang Lin clasped his hands and bowed at Grand Empyrean Dao Yi.

Wang Lin didn’t want to make a decision after only meeting one Grand Empyrean. Also, after battling the Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor, he became aware of the ways of the Empyrean Exalts. He knew he was not famous enough, so he had to gain more fame!

Only after becoming more famous and choosing a Grand Empyrean to follow would the danger of entering the imperial city decrease.

The black-haired youth looked at Wang Lin. His eyes were filled with wisdom seemed to be able to see through Wang Lin’s thoughts and smiled.

“I’ll give you time. With your power, you can try the Empyrean Trials. If you can break through the ninth level, I’ll come to see you again.” With that, he turned toward the Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor and then turned back into the dao robe.

After Grand Empyrean Dao Yi was gone, everything that was frozen moved again. They returned to their original trajectory. Dust fell and the wind blew by.

As the surroundings recovered, the pressure that shocked Wang Lin also disappeared. It was as if everything that had just happened never happened.

The Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor let out a sigh and clasped his hands at Wang Lin.

“The matter with the Devil Dao Sect is done… But you missed the opportunity to follow Grand Empyrean Dao Yi immediately… Alas.” The strong always respected each other. The fierce battle between the two of them made the red-haired old man respect Wang Lin.

After he finished speaking, the red-haired old man turned to leave.

“Fellow Cultivator, please wait. The reason I destroyed the Devil Dao Sec is because the entire sect used their full power to put me into a life or death situation, not just one person,” Wang Lin slowly said. He seldom explained himself, but the Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor had earned Wang Lin’s respect.

The red-haired old man stopped and pondered for a bit.

“Forget it. The world is a cycle of karma. You destroying the Devil Dao Sect is now just a calamity for the Devil Dao Sect, but it also cut me off from ordinary matters. From now on, I can focus on seeking dao.” The red-haired old man sighed and looked at Wang Lin.

“Grand Empyrean Dao Yi is extremely biased toward his own people, more so than the other Grand Empyreans. With your current strength, choosing to follow Grand Empyrean Dao Yi would be a very good choice.

“Among the the Grand Empyreans, the Celestial Emperor Grand Empyrean Eight Extremes is the most proud. The Central Continent’s Grand Empyrean Jiu Di is the most overbearing. The Northern Continent’s Grand Empyrean Wu Feng is the most picky, and aside from Ascendant Empyreans, he rarely recruits Empyrean Exalts.

“And the Eastern Continent’s Purple Dao Sect’s Grand Empyrean Gemini… Was originally the most powerful among the Grand Empyreans. But during the last reincarnation, her soul split in half and transformed into two people. She can’t recover in this lifetime. Although it was rumored that her personality was very gentle, she would not be my choice.” The red-haired old man knew that compared to an Empyrean Exalt, the Devil Dao Sect was just an ant. It was not worth getting on the bad side of an Empyrean Exalt for the Devil Dao Sect.

Most importantly, this Empyrean Exalt was extremely powerful! As a result, he spoke of matters Empyrean Exalts should know to erase the unpleasantness from before.

Wang Lin didn’t know about this matter before at all. Although he looked unmoved, after hearing it, he was moved.

“Thank you, Fellow Cultivator, for the information.” Wang Lin clasped his hands.

“There is also the Empyrean Trial… Since I’m the first Empyrean Exalt you fought, you must not know about the Empyrean Trial. It is a strange place created by the Celestial Ancestor. It is a space separated from this world where Empyrean Exalt cultivators can obtain accurate judgement on their strength.”

The red-haired old man slowly continued, “The Empyrean Trial has a total of 19 layers, and only Empyrean Exalts can center. With my cultivation level 500 years ago, I tried once, but I only passed the third layer and failed at the fourth.”

“The Empyrean Trial?” Wang Lin’s eyes narrowed. He had heard Grand Empyrean Dao Yi talking about earlier, but he didn’t know what it was. However, after hearing the red-haired old man, he understood a bit.

“I once heard from Grand Empyrean Dao Yi that the Empyrean Trial was created by the Celestial Ancestor and that it copies the Immemorial God Realm. If you can break through the 19th layer, then your chance of becoming a Grand Empyrean becomes higher than others after entering the Immemorial God Realm!

“A long time ago, Grand Empyrean Wu Feng broke through the 19th layer. Then, during one of the openings of the Immemorial God Realm, he got lucky and became a Grand Empyrean!” The red-haired old man didn’t hide anything. Even if he didn’t explain these things, Wang Lin would learn about them once he interacted with other Empyrean Exalts. These were not secrets.

Wang Lin immediately asked, “How do I enter the Empyrean Trial?”

The red-haired old man looked at the sky and slowly said, “Very simple. As long as you obtain the recognition of the Immortal Astral Law as an Empyrean Exalt, you only need to find a safe place in the land of the celestials. Then fly out with your origin soul into the sky as fast as possible. After 60 breaths of time, you can enter the Empyrean Trial created by the Celestial Ancestor.

“Rumor has it that at the land of the ancients, the Ancient Ancestor copied the Immemorial God Realm as well and created a suitable trial ground for the Ancient Clan.

“Even more rumors that above these two trials was a Grand Empyrean Trial created by the two ancestors together. However, this is only a rumor and I don’t know much.” The red-haired old man finished speaking and clasped his hands at Wang Lin.

“Fellow Cultivator, this old man has told you what I need to. Goodbye!” The red-haired old man didn’t even look at the Devil Dao Sect that had become a ruin. In a flash, he turned into a ray of light and disappeared.

Wang Lin still stood there and silently looked ahead even after the old man had left. He had decisively refused Grand Empyrean Dao Yi and had given up that opportunity, but he didn’t regret it.

“Five Grand Empyreans. Aside from the Celestial Emperor and Dao Yi, there are three more… With my current strength, I gained some insight after battling my first Empyrean Exalt. The more Empyrean Exalts I fight, the more fame I’ll gain!

“And also, the Empyrean Trial… I didn’t expect that there would be such a place on the Immortal Astral Continent. I just don’t know if what the Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor said was true or false.”

Wang Lin sat down and pondered. Sitting in the ruins, he constantly replayed his battle against the Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor and the punch from Grand Empyrean Dao Yi in his mind.

This punch continued to reappear in his mind until it replaced everything. Wang Lin was fully immersed in the punch from the Grand Empyrean.

This punch seemed soft, but it contained a force Wang Lin couldn’t comprehend. Time passed and several months went by in a flash.

During these several months, Wang Lin had been sitting there, motionless, but there was a protective force around him that made it so no one could approach.

The Devil Dao Sect cultivators that returned one by one all saw the ruins of the Devil Dao Sect, and their hearts trembled, especially after they saw Wang Lin. Some of them recognized him.

However, they could not get close to the protective force, and after a while, they quickly dispersed in fear. But some Devil Dao Sect members didn’t leave; they stayed far away and didn’t get close.

Wang Lin sat there for a year.

This one year of time was only a flash to him. On a certain day after one year, Wang Lin slowly opened his eyes. He looked at the sky and his eyes shined brightly.

“That punch, I have calculated every possible way to resist that punch. I have simulated millions of times, but not once could I resist it… That was just a sliver of Grand Empyrean Dao Yi’s divine sense…” Wang Lin sighed.

The joy from the increase in his cultivation level had died down. Compared to a Grand Empyrean, he was far too weak.

“However, although this is the case, I still gained a lot of insight, especially in the battle against the Devil Dao Sect's old ancestor. Integrating dao into the body and one punch containing 27 spells… I can imitate and learn it!” Wang Lin’s eyes shined brightly. This battle had given him great insight.

“I need to find a place to comprehend for a while.” At Wang Lin’s cultivation level, he could go anywhere in the land of the celestials.

At this moment, Wang Lin stood up and looked at the surrounding ruins. He naturally sensed the members of the Devil Dao Sect that had returned from the Heavenly Bull Continent.

“Forget it.” Wang Lin walked forward and instantly disappeared.
