Chapter 1933

Most of the Mountain Sea’s surface was sealed by dark black ink. This black ink was very strong, it was formed by Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s formation and can’t be easily broken.

Inside the sea, Wang Lin and Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi were in a fierce battle!

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi used the strange spell and coughed out blood as the price to create the seal containing 96 spells, and the oval seal flew toward Wang Lin.

Although Wang Lin was shocked, he resisted with the Heavenly Bull charge. The giant Heavenly Bull shadow collided with the oval seal.

As they collided, thunderous rumbles echoed through the sea as if the sea was going to be split apart.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s face was pale and she was knocked back. This was a spell her teacher had taught her, and it was extremely powerful. Although she couldn’t control the second style yet, it made it so very few people below Ascendant Empyrean were her match!

However, now she had met Wang Lin!!

Wang Lin also retreated, and his breathing was rough. When the Heavenly Bull collapsed, the soul armor on his body also showed signs of dissipating.

The moment he retreated, Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. He raised his right hand and 97 afterimages appeared. He fiercely pointed at the retreating Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi!!

“Stop!”

“Stop!!”

“Stop!!!” Wang Lin used the Stop spell a second time before Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. The 97 afterimages fused, and the finger that made her feel terror, anger, and shame descended on her!!

“Wang Lin, you…” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi didn’t get to finish speaking. Due to her injury, she was completely stopped. Due to her origin soul being stopped and her no longer having the octopus holding her up, she began to sink to the bottom of the sea.

However, since she dared to stop Wang Lin, she had come prepared. Although the preparation was a bit hasty and she had been caught off guard by Wang Lin’s masterful timing, only her origin soul was stopped. Her eyes and thoughts were still operating as normal.

She stared at Wang Lin, who was moving farther and farther away, and she felt shame and anger. If not for the fact that her mouth couldn’t move, she’d be clenching her teeth.

There were two reasons Wang Lin hadn’t immediately used the Stop spell. The first was because since she dared to try to stop him, she must have been prepared and had a certain degree of confidence in resisting his Stop spell!

Therefore, he couldn’t use it immediately and had to wait for the right time to set it up!

Second, even though Wang Lin had stopped Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi, unless he seriously injured her and immediately escaped, she would chase after him once she was free.

In contrast, rather than stopping her and seriously injuring her, it was better to seriously injure her then stop her. Then she wouldn’t dare to follow, and it would be the righteous path!

After stopping Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi, Wang Lin was about to kick away the octopus and take the sea dragon away. His divine sense subconsciously swept Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi, who was sinking into the water.

However, this startled him.

The place where he was battling Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was not far from the sea floor. She was sinking not far away from the black hole.

Wang Lin’s divine sense vaguely saw blurry ripples and something rushing out from the black hole toward Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi, who had lost her power to resist!

There seemed to be something strange in the ripples, but it could not be clearly seen by the naked eye.

“Discovered non-Immortal Astral Continent soul, seal!” A vague divine sense spread out through the sea water into Wang Lin’s mind and caused his expression to change greatly!!

“It’s not dead!!”

Wang Lin felt his scalp tingle. He was far too aware of how powerful the face was. He was about to leave, but he stopped once more.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s origin soul was stopped, but her eyes and thoughts were still moving. She clearly saw the fluctuations in the sea water and a vague shadow rapidly closing in on her.

An indescribable sense of danger appeared in her heart. This danger was far stronger than her battle with Wang Lin. In fact, she had never encountered something that made her feel this level of danger before in her life!

Her eyes widened. She could not move and did not have the power to resist. She could only watch the shadow coming from the ripples giving off a terrifying aura and charging right at her!

The strong Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi revealed fear and weakness she had never shown before. Her body trembled as she tried to break free from the Stop spell!

This feeling of life or death made her feel like she was not an Empyrean Exalt but a weak woman. Facing this terrifying thing, despair appeared in her eyes!

The ripples in the sea water were the broken palm that had extended out from the black hole. It seemed to have gone crazy, and it didn’t matter who it encountered - it would send out the message of “Discovered non-Immortal Astral Continent soul, seal!”

At this moment, if Wang Lin wanted to escape, he could ignore Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. If he escaped fast, he could escape with Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi as bait.

But after a moment of struggle, he turned around and charged toward Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi below!

“For my entire life, I was not a villain or a gentleman. I have always just asked if I could live with my decisions. There is no hatred between Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi and I. This is her cave, and it is normal to guard it!” Wang Lin was very fast and instantly moved 10,000 feet.

“The Mountain Sea seal appeared because of me, and at this moment, she is being stopped by me. If I run now and abandon her, I will be making a decision that’s not worthy in my heart!

“If I can’t stick to my ways, what right do I have to defy the heavens and resurrect Wang Er? What faith would I have to step onto the peak!? Maybe others can do it, but I, Wang Lin, can’t!” Wang Lin’s eyes revealed determination. He charged toward Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi!!

His action was seen by Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi, who was in despair and startled.

Wang Lin moved very fast and came within 400 feet of Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi, but no matter how fast he was, he was not faster than the broken palm. It was now less than 300 feet from Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi!!

The broken palm carried ferociousness, bloodthirst, and an unspeakable sense of madness as it opened its five fingers toward Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi.

Wang Lin could use the Stop spell, but he couldn’t dispel it unless the target’s cultivation level was much lower. Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was an Empyrean Exalt, so her cultivation level was actually a lot higher than Wang Lin’s. Therefore, he could not break it in a short period of time.

The Mountain Sea had been sealed by her, so it was impossible to teleport here. The broken palm was about to devour Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. Despair filled her eyes as Wang Lin let out a roar and the five Spell Veins in his body erupted. They rotated at a crazed speed and Wang Lin moved faster than he had ever moved before!!

This speed was due to the the Rapid Spell Art operating at full power. As Wang Lin moved forward, 97 afterimages appeared, followed by a 98th afterimage!!

98 afterimages, along with the original body, made 99!!

Borrowing the power of the extra afterimage from the full power of the Rapid Spell Art, Wang Lin’s speed increased. When the broken palm was less than three feet from Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi and a ferocious aura closed in on her, a powerful force was injected between the broken palm and Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was quickly knocked away.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi saw Wang Lin’s figure as she was knocked away.

Her body trembled, and at this moment, she suddenly recovered her movement.

The moment she recovered, Wang Lin’s right hand turned into the Yin Blade and chopped down on the broken palm.

The broken palm discarded Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi as the target and reached toward Wang Lin.

“Discovered non-Immortal Astral Continent soul, seal!” The vague divine sense echoed in Wang Lin’s mind as it collided with his Yin Blade.

As the thunderous rumble echoed, Wang Lin was knocked back and blood flowed from the corner of his mouth. However, a gentle body held him. It was Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. She bit her lower lip and quickly pulled Wang Lin toward the surface of the sea.

The broken palm had been cut in half by the Yin Blade, but it didn’t dissipate. It rapidly recovered back into the broken palm and chased after the two of them.

Ripples echoed in the sea and the broken palm started moving several times faster than before. It instantly caught up, giving Wang Lin and Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi no time to dodge at all. Wang Lin raised his left hand and threw a punch.

When he punched, 98 afterimages appeared around him and it condensed into one fist. The punch shot toward the palm like a bolt of thunder.

At the same time, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi waved her hand and used the oval seal that contained 90 spells by force. It rushed toward the broken palm after Wang Lin’s punch.

Thunderous rumbles echoed and caused the sea to surge. The ripples echoed as the broken palm collapsed. But it turned into countless specks of ghostly light and instantly entered Wang Lin’s left hand!

This broken palm was also a left palm!

As the countless specks of ghostly light entered Wang Lin’s left hand, an intense wave of pain that caused Wang Lin’s face to go pale came from his left hand. This pain made Wang Lin’s body tremble violently. As large amounts of specks of ghostly light gathered, something that looked like a black glove appeared over Wang Lin’s left hand!!

His left hand was completely black, and the glove began to spread up toward his arms.

This shocking scene caused shock to appear in Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s eyes. Wang Lin’s face was pale and he revealed a vicious gaze. His left hand was filled with intense pain and he lost all other perception, as if that no longer belonged to him. He had a feeling that as it spread, the body parts it would spread to would no longer belong to him!

As the countless specks of ghostly light gathered to form the glove on his left hand, a feeling of extreme disgust appeared in his mind. It was like how fire and water couldn’t mix; this feeling was extremely clear!!

Without any hesitation, there was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes and he raised the Yin Blade in his right hand. He chopped down and cut off his left hand. The flesh of the left hand quickly melted until only the skin remained. The skin fused with the sea and rushed toward Wang Lin again.

“Discovered non-Immortal Astral Continent soul, seal!”

Wang Lin’s decisive action had given Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi time. She raised her pale, jade hand and took out a jade. She crushed it and a layer of dark blue light wrapped around her and Wang Lin. As it spread, it reached 100,000 feet and protected the sea dragon and octopus that had retreated. Then the light curtain shank into the sea with Wang Lin, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi, and the frightened sea dragon and octopus.

Soon, the light curtain landed at the bottom of the sea. The water outside was black due to the ink from before, so nothing could be seen. Only the sound of something banging against it could be heard, but the light curtain only trembled but didn’t collapse.

The broken palm continued to attack the light curtain but could not break it in a short period of time. However, the banging sounds became even more violent.

The light curtain formed a half-circle on the seafloor, and aside from the banging sound, it was dead silent!

Wang Lin’s expression was gloomy as he sat on the side with his eyes closed. The sea dragon circled around Wang Lin and stared at the octopus not far away, next to Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. Its gaze was hostile, but it also looked at the light curtain with fear in its eyes.

The octopus was also staring at the sea dragon angrily, as if the two beasts could not get along.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was 1,000 feet away from Wang Lin. Her beautiful face was pale and her hair was scattered. She was looking at Wang Lin with a complicated expression, and the scene of Wang Lin blocking the palm for her appeared in her mind.

“You… Are you okay… I crushed the life-saving jade Teacher give me. Teacher should be aware and should come soon. I still have a bottle of pills here. Your… Your palm…” As Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi spoke, she waved her hand and a jade bottle appeared. There was an ancient “Di” on the bottle that gave off waves of pressure.

Holding the bottle, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi walked up to Wang Lin. She crushed a pill and was about to smear it on Wang Lin’s severed left hand. Just at his moment, Wang Lin opened his eyes.

“No need!” Wang Lin coldly said, then he retreated 1,000 feet. A burst of blood light came from his left arm that had lost its palm. His left hand began to regrow. This was the powerful recovery of his physical body!

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was startled for a moment and was about to speak when her expression suddenly changed. She looked up at the light curtain and revealed a look of disbelief. Wang Lin also stared at the light curtain.

A drastic change occured!
