Chapter 1934

Outside the light curtain, the broken palm that was bombarding the light curtain suddenly stuck to the light curtain. From afar, this broken palm looked like a starfish.

Sticking so closely to the light curtain caused the strange mark at the center of the palm to be displayed clearly before Wang Lin and Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi.

However, just this was not enough to cause their expressions to change. What shocked them was that the palm instantly expanded. In the blink of an eye, the palm expanded to 1,000 feet, 10,000 feet!!

The broken arm rapidly grew, and in the blink of an eye, it was 100,000 feet long and shrouded the semi-circle light curtain!

After the broken palm expanded to the point of engulfing the light curtain, the light curtain trembled violently. Ripples echoed and the light curtain became completely dark, without a speck of light.

Even so, as long as Wang Lin and Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi gathered their cultivation in their eyes, they could see everything clearly. Wang Lin silently pondered and noticed that his hair was slightly floating due to wind.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s eyes lit up and she slowly said, “It devoured my protective light curtain and is moving rapidly!”

“What exactly is it?” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi looked at Wang Lin.

Wang Lin was 1,000 feet away and was staring at his newly grown left hand. After pondering for a bit, he spoke.

“The Mountain Sea Tree’s seal!”

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s face turned pale and she bitterly smiled, but she didn’t speak. She sat down and looked around in the dark. It was unknown what she was thinking.

Time slowly passed. Soon, Wang Lin’s soul armor dissipated. After the soul armor disappeared, a deep sense of fatigue filled Wang Lin’s heart.

Wang Lin let out a sigh as he looked up and said, “I fear your teacher won’t find this place in a short period of time. The broken palm devoured the protective light curtain and should block all external contacts, like a seal.”

“You could have just taken the Mountain Sea Tree Spirits, why did you provoke the Mountain Sea Tree Seal? This seal was placed by the Celestial Ancestor, you…” After a long time, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi looked at Wang Lin with a complicated gaze.

Wang Lin looked at Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi and slowly said, “If I didn’t have to save you, I would have already left the Mountain Sea.”

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi silently pondered.

Time quickly passed in this silence. In the blink of an eye, three days went by.

During these three days, the two still didn’t talk. Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi looked up at the light curtain, and her eyes were filled with uncertainty. As for Wang Lin, he had closed his eyes to cultivate. He took out the Mountain Sea Tree Spirits and began to absorb them.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was silent for three days, and after seeing Wang Lin absorb the Mountain Sea Tree Spirits, she couldn’t help but ask, “Your cultivation is very strange. You are clearly at the early stage of Void Tribulant, but you have the power of an Empyrean Exalt. Although the Mountain Sea Tree Spirit can help a cultivator form a wood essence, at Void Tribulant, even a few essences won’t help your cultivation level increase. What’s the point?”

Wang Lin didn’t explain too much. He opened his eyes and glanced at Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi as he calmly said, “I’m not the same as you.”

“You don’t seem worried or rushed here.” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s beautify brows frowned.

Wang Lin remained silent as he closed his eyes and continued to absorb the Mountain Sea Tree Spirit that was inside his body.

When Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi saw Wang Lin close his eyes and ignore her, she pouted but continued to speak. “My protective light curtain has been devoured. If it is as you said before, then I fear it will be very difficult for Teacher to find us in a short period of time, even if he came to the Mountain Sea. If the broken palm went elsewhere, it will take even longer.

“We have lost all contact with the outside world, aren’t you worried?”

Seeing that Wang Lin still didn’t speak, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s beautiful eyes stared at him. After a long time, she revealed an angry and depressed expression.

“There are only the two of us here. You act like a tree and don’t talk. You just watch me talk to myself. It is very interesting!”

Wang Lin opened his eyes. He felt rather helpless as he looked at Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi.

“I think this environment would be pretty good for cultivating if you stopped interrupting me.”

“You!!” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi immediately stood up and let out a snort. Her beautiful body turned around and left. She went more than 10,000 feet away and ignored Wang Lin.

Seeing Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi leave, Wang Lin closed his eyes and immersed himself in absorbing the Mountain Sea Tree Spirit. However, his divine sense was still scattered as he was very vigilant.

As for the sea dragon, it was coiled around Wang Lin and was staring viciously at the octopus, who was also staring viciously back at it. They didn’t roar, but their gazes seemed to throw countless vicious words at each other. They seemed to be cursing each other through their gazes.

Time silently passed like this. 10 days, 20 days, one month, two months, three months...

In the blink of an eye, four months passed.

For these four months, Wang Lin hadn’t said a word and had been focused on absorbing the Mountain Sea Tree Spirit.

The sea dragon had been at a staring contest with the octopus for four months. It didn’t feel tired at all and was full of spirit as it stared viciously at the octopus.

On the contrary, the octopus seemed a bit tired, but it refused to yield. The two had stared at each other for four months.

“Wang… Wang Lin, something is wrong…” After four months, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi seemed worried. She walked over from few thousand feet away and sat down 200 feet away from Wang Lin.

Wang Lin opened his eyes and looked at Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. He hadn’t seen her for four months, and her beautiful face seemed a bit fatigued. However, her beauty was still as heart-throbbing as before.

“It’s impossible for Teacher to not have found us in four months… Since he knows I’m in danger, even if the broken palm has left the Mountain Sea, Teacher would be able to divinate where it went. It’s impossible for him to not find us after four months.” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi did not hide her worry. While trapped here for four months, she was unable to stay calm and always had a bad feeling.

Wang Lin calmly said, “Three possibilities.

“First possibility: the broken palm has gone to a place no one can detect. Not even divination can find it!”

“Second possibility: your teacher didn’t come to save you immediately like you thought.”

“Impossible! If Teacher knew I was in danger, he would come immediately! As for your first possibility, it’s also impossible. With Teacher’s cultivation level, there should be no place in the celestial clan he can’t divinate!” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi said quickly. Then she looked at Wang Lin and hesitated a bit before speaking again.

“You should have guessed it, my teacher is Grand Empyrean Jiu Di!”

Wang Lin’s expression remained the same and he was not surprised at all. Back when she took out the pill bottle with the word “Di” on it, he had his speculations. To take an Empyrean Exalt as a disciple and make her his confidant meant that her teacher must have shocking power.

Adding these two facts, it was likely that her teacher was a Grand Empyrean. And adding the name “Di,” aside from the Celestial Emperor, the only other possibility was Grand Empyrean Jiu Di, who was also at the Central Continent.

“Since that’s the case, there is a third possibility. After the broken palm engulfed the light curtain, the passage of time became different from the outside. Perhaps hundreds of years here is only one day outside,” Wang Lin said, calmly and slowly.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s face immediately turned pale. She was a very intelligent person and had also thought of his. However, hearing that Wang Lin had the same idea, she was 60% to 70% certain.

“Although Teacher gave me this light curtain, it can’t last for hundreds of years… Once it breaks…” The terror of the broken palm appeared in her eyes.

Just as the two were talking, the light curtain suddenly rumbled and trembled. It shrank from 100,000 feet to 90,000 feet!

A vague figure appeared in the dark void outside the light curtain. The figure drifted there and looked at Wang Lin and Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. It gave off a ferocious aura.

“Discovered non-Immortal Astral Continent soul, seal!” the vague figure muttered to himself.

As the light curtain shrank, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi looked up and vaguely saw the dark figure outside.

Wang Lin also saw the figure outside the light curtain. There was a flash of coldness in his eyes and he slowly said, “Reduce the light curtain to 1,000 feet so it can resist for longer.”

After he spoke, Wang Lin waved his right hand at the sea dragon. The sea dragon turned into a ray of blue light and was put away by Wang Lin. Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi hesitated a bit and also put the octopus away. Her hand formed seals and she waved them at the light curtain. The light curtain shrank from 90,000 feet to 1,000 feet.

At the same time, Wang Lin and Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi were the only two people left in the light curtain.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi let out a sigh. She sat in a corner and closed her eyes to cultivate.

Time slowly passed. The fourth month, sixth month… Soon, a year had passed.

One year of time was not long outside, but for the man and woman trapped inside a 1,000 feet area, it seemed to go a bit slow.

Wang Lin was a bit better off as he was used to loneliness. He used this time to fuse two of the Mountain Sea Tree Spirits. The bud of the wood essence had appeared in his five-element true body and was rapidly growing.

However, after eight months of silence, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi opened her beautiful eyes and looked at Wang Lin. The man before him caused her to feel hatred but also aroused a complicated feeling.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi softly said, “Ever since I began cultivating, I have never lived with a stranger for a year. You… I only know that your name is Wang Lin, as that’s what you have told me. Which sect did you come from?”
