Chapter 1935

“Sect…” Wang Lin awakened from his cultivation and reminiscence filled his eyes.

After a long time, Wang Lin calmly said, “I came from the Seven Dao Sect.”

“Seven Dao Sect?” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi thought for a moment. There didn’t seem to be a Seven Dao Sect as she recalled all the powerful sects.

“Eastern Continent, Seven Dao Sect, a very small sect….” Wang Lin sighed. Now that someone had asked him about his sect, he felt homesick.

Empyrean Exalt softly said, “I don’t have a sect. I followed Teacher since I was little. I grew up on Emperor Mountain.”

“Emperor Mountain is very beautiful. During this season, it is covered in red leaves, as if it’s on fire… If you have the chance, you should see Emperor Mountain.”

As they chatted, a special atmosphere spread out within this 1,000 foot area.

“With your Empyrean Exalt combat power, I presume the Southern Continent’s Grand Empyrean Dao Yi has tried to recruit you… Did you agree?” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s beautiful gaze fell on Wang Lin.

“No.” Wang Lin shook his head.

After hearing his words, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi smiled and blinked as she whispered, “My teacher is a very good person… Why don’t you follow him…”

“I’m currently not considering.” Wang Lin didn’t directly refuse but delayed.

“How long have you cultivated?” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi suddenly asked.

“Probably not as long as you.” Wang Lin frowned.

When Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi heard this, she covered her mouth and laughed. This was the first time she did this.

“You have the power of an Empyrean Exalt at your cultivation level, but you are in no rush to leave. That means you don’t have a dao partner. Otherwise, it would be impossible for you to not be worried at all,” Empyrean Exalt said while laughing.

Wang Lin frowned again and looked at the beautiful woman before him. He vaguely felt like there was something strange about her, something different from what he had felt before.

“Seeing how both of us are trapped here and you didn’t leave me alone, how about having Big Sister here introduce you to someone?” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi seemed very interested in this subject as she examined Wang Lin.

“Appearance is normal but has a unique temperament - not bad.

“Cultivation level is ordinary but has Empyrean Exalt combat power - very good.

“Overall still pretty good. How about this: once we get out, Big Sister will help you find a dao partner.” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s eyes shined brightly. She looked at Wang Lin and gently moved her alluring lips.

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he coldly said, “Put away your charm spell!”

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi frowned, and when she was about to speak, Wang Lin’s eyes released a golden light. He looked extremely majestic with this gaze, and there was also a suppression force coming from his eyes. Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi didn’t speak due to that gaze.

“If you want to speak to someone after being trapped here for too long, then I’ll help you find someone to talk to!” As Wang Lin spoke, a shadow appeared over his body. His slaughter thunder essence true body walked out and sat between him and Empyrean Exalt Hai zi.

“Talk to my avatar, don’t interrupt my cultivation!” There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes as he got up and walked to the furthest corner from Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. He sat down again and closed his eyes to refine the third Mountain Sea Tree Spirit.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was startled. She didn’t think Wang Lin would think of this method. She frowned and looked at the slaughter thunder essence true body that gave off a cold aura that was staring at her with a cold gaze. She snorted and began to cultivate as well.

“There is something strange about Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi!” When Wang Lin’s original body sat down to cultivate, he looked at Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi and his pupils shrank an undetectable amount.

“I originally thought something had changed with the broken palm so that when it appeared again, it didn’t fly toward me but attacked her first...

“Looking at it now, there seems to be some secret…” The change to Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was very strange, but Wang Lin didn’t notice anything like two souls in one body. That’s why he used the Celestial Ancestor’s sword in his eyes but also found nothing.

“At first, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi gave me the feeling that she was normal, but just now she seemed a little unbridled.” Wang Lin frowned and pondered for a moment. Then he ignored this matter and immersed himself in absorbing the Mountain Sea Tree Spirit.

In a flash, three years passed.

During these three years, Wang Lin ignored Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. He continued to absorb the Mountain Sea Tree Spirit and the wood essence in his body continued to grow. After three years, he had absorbed four spirits and his wood essence had reached small completion.

Patterns of green had appeared on the surface of Wang Lin’s skin. They looked like the veins of plants. It made Wang Lin look somewhat strange.

During these three years, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi didn’t speak a word and was immersed in cultivation like Wang Lin. Her expression sometimes changed, and it was unknown what spell she was cultivating.

During these three years, a thunderous rumble would echoed from outside every once in a while, as if there was a powerful force hitting the light curtain. As time went by, this rumble became even more common.

The 1,000 foot light curtain had showed signs of shrinking over the last three years.

On the fourth month after three years, the thunderous rumble was far louder than before. It interrupted Wang Lin’s cultivation and he looked up.

When he looked up, his expression changed and he stepped forward. The moment he stepped forward, the 1,000 foot light curtain suddenly shrank!!

It shrank nearly to half, 500 feet! Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi also awakened and stepped forward.

The thunderous rumble lasted for almost half an hour before it slowly dissipated and the light curtain had shrank to only 500 feet! 500 feet was extremely close for Wang Lin and Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. The two of them looked at each other.

“It looks like this light curtain can’t last even 10 years… I shrank it to resist against the broken palm, but even so, after three years, it shrank to 500 feet...

“If it was still 100,000 feet like before, it might have already been broken.” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s appearance and speech were different from a few years ago. They seemed to have gone back to normal.

“I fear it won’t take long for this 500 foot range to shrink until the light curtain collapses…” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi frowned and revealed a look of helplessness.

There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes. He looked up at the light curtain and saw the blurry figure hiding in the darkness. The figure hiding there seemed to be looking back at him.

The moment their gazes met, Wang Lin’s heart trembled. It was as if the gaze from the figure contained a strange force that could suck in his attention. It also caused a sense of restlessness to fill his body.

Wang Lin’s eyes shined brightly and he immediately came to his senses.

“It is still staring at us… Watching our every move. It has constantly been doing this for three years.” There was fear in Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s eyes as she spoke.

Wang Lin slowly said, “It’s a broken palm!

“But whose broken palm is it?” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was startled as he flew upwards.

Wang Lin’s sudden movement caused Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi to reveal a look of worry, and she was about to follow.

“Don’t come up. If you think that something is wrong with me, awaken me immediately!” Wang Lin didn’t look back, but his voice echoed in Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s mind.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s beautiful body stopped and watched Wang Lin’s back as he flew up. For some reason, this reminded her of when he blocked the palm for her a few years ago.

Wang Lin instantly closed in on the edge of the light curtain until he was less than three feet from it. When he got close to the light curtain, the blurry figure outside moved toward him.

Outside the light curtain, the blurry figure also stopped and was three feet away from the light curtain as well. It was six feet away from Wang Lin!

It was a face without skin, it was a bloody mess, and extremely scary. However, it contained an unspeakable sense of majesty. But the overall figure was a blur. Only the left hand was very solid, as if it were real, but that was because it had skin!

After faintly seeing the face of the figure, Wang Lin’s pupils shrank and he revealed a look of disbelief. It was as if millions of bolts of thunder had exploded in his mind, and his body trembled!

The blurry, skinless face’s eyes revealed a strange light that seemed like it was going to penetrate Wang Lin’s eyes.

Wang Lin’s mind rumbled and he lost consciousness. In his mind, that gaze contained a pair of eternal eyes. This pair of eyes contained an unspeakable sense of strangeness and turned into a voice that echoed in Wang Lin’s mind.

“Come… Come… Come…”

As the sound echoed, a thunder-like heartbeat came from Wang Lin’s body, resisting the bombardment of the voice. Wang Lin suddenly awakened and heard the anxious calls from Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. A fragrance swept toward him as she was already closing in.

“I’m fine,” Wang Lin slowly said. He was only one foot away from the light curtain. He only needed one more step to walk out of the light curtain.

The moment Wang Lin awakened, the blurry figure let out a roar and smashed into the light curtain. The light curtain flashed violently but didn’t break.

“Celestial Ancestor…” Wang Lin’s gaze penetrated the light curtain and landed on the figure smashing into the light curtain like crazy.
