Chapter 1936

Although the face of the figure outside had no skin and was just flesh and blood, Wang Lin had seen the shocking scene of the Celestial Ancestor sealing the Heavenly Bull when he absorbed the fire vein.

The face of the vague figure was extremely similar to the face of the Celestial Ancestor!!

As the vague figure roared violently, ripples echoed across the light curtain. Wang Lin’s expression was gloomy as he retreated back to the ground. The 500 foot light curtain trembled under the impact and shrank once more.

It shrank from 500 feet to 300 feet. This caused Wang Lin and Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi to be even closer.

The vague figure smashed into the light curtain for half an hour before it slowly calmed down. It stared at Wang Lin and Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi before retreating back into the dark.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi bit her lower lip and looked at the light curtain above. A moment later, she gloomily said, “This light curtain won’t last for long…”

Wang Lin silently pondered. What he had vaguely seen made him feel like there was some secret hidden in the broken palm. If not, why would the Celestial Ancestor appear?

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he looked at Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. “Your teacher is Grand Empyrean Jiu Di. Have you heard about the Celestial Ancestor?”

“Celestial Ancestor?” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi looked at Wang Lin. When Wang Lin recognized the figure as the Celestial Ancestor, he had thought about it but hadn’t said it out loud. So Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi didn’t know what Wang Lin had seen.

“I heard Teacher mention it once. A long time ago, the celestial clan only had one continent. The Celestial Ancestor sealed beings that came from outside the continents to create the 72 continents we know today.

“I once heard from Teacher that after sealing the 72nd being, the Celestial Ancestor went missing. No one knows where he went. Even his descendants searched for a long time and didn’t learn the outcome.

“But Teacher once accidentally muttered something that made it seem as if the Celestial Ancestor wasn’t missing… Teacher suspects that the Celestial Ancestor encountered something… As for the specifics, Teacher didn’t want to elaborate on the matter.” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi revealed a pondering gaze as she slowly spoke.

When these words entered Wang Lin’s ears, he was silent but pondering.

“Perhaps this broken palm belongs to the Celestial Ancestor… If so, who cut off the Celestial Ancestor’s left hand… There are many rumors about the collapse of the Celestial Ancestor’s sword. Could the collapse of the sword be related to this broken palm…?

“However, why was this broken palm inside the Mountain Sea Tree seal? And this seal has been around for countless years. The Grand Empyreans would have long noticed it, but why did it only move now… Also, this area belongs to Grand Empyrean Dao Yi. With his cultivation level of Grand Empyrean, how could he not be aware?

“Or maybe…” Wang Lin’s eyes shined brightly.

“The several Grand Empyreans, including Dao Yi, long knew about the strange seal on the Mountain Sea Tree, but in the end, none of them acted recklessly…” Wang Lin cultivated and continued to deduce. He took a deep breath and was shaken by the conclusion he came to.

Wang Lin’s eyes shined undetectably as he slowly said, “Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi, since your teacher is Grand Empyrean Jiu Di, why are you so far away from the Central Continent and live at the Mountain Sea?”

“You doubt me?” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi looked at Wang Lin. Her beautiful eyes shined brightly.

“What a clever woman!” Wang Lin thought to himself. Just based on one sentence from him, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi had guessed a lot.

Wang Lin didn’t explain, he just calmly looked at Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi.

The beautiful woman pondered a bit and her expression changed as if she was thinking of something. After a long time, she seemed to have thought of something and suddenly looked up, her eyes revealing a strange light.

She frowned and whispered, “It was my teacher who told me to come the Southern Continent and make the Mountain Sea my cave.”

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. This confirmed some of his speculations. If this was true, then this was very problematic.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi quickly asked, “Where did you learn that the Mountain Sea Tree has tree spirits?”

“I heard it from an Empyrean Exalt under Grand Empyrean Wu Fen that there were tree spirits under the Mountain Sea…” Wang Lin pondered even more.

“I came to the Mountain Sea before and had a cave here, but not for long. However, 200 years ago, Teacher suddenly told me to live here for a long time… You were pointed here by someone under Grand Empyrean Wu Feng… And this territory belongs to Grand Empyrean Dao Yi.” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s expression was extremely gloomy.

Wang Lin smiled faintly. Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s words meant that she understood the key to this problem.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi closed her beautiful eyes. After a long time, she quietly said, “Teacher is using me as bait to lure out the broken palm in the seal of the Mountain Sea Tree!

“I can understand this. Teacher raised me and taught me how to cultivate. Even if I’m bait, I have no complaints. The strange part is, why did Grand Empyrean Wu Feng involve you? What’s the point of luring you here?” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi opened her eyes and looked at Wang Lin.

Wang Lin’s expression remained neutral and he silently shook his head. However, he had a guess about this matter!

“Ordinary cultivators might not be able to see through my origin, and even Empyrean Exalts would find it difficult to detect. However, it is no secret to Grand Empyreans!

“The person under Grand Empyrean Wu Feng pointed me here with the intent to verify my identity, and he also holds the same goal as Grand Empyrean Jiu Di!

“Although Grand Empyrean Jiu Di used his disciple as bait, his method was obviously still gentle and he merely let her live here to silently attract the Mountain Sea Tree Spirit. However, I have no connection with Grand Empyrean Wu Feng, so he doesn’t care about whether I live or die. He could both verify my identity and lure out the broken palm!

“They don’t care if I came from the cave world or not, but if I’m an Ancient Country cultivator!!” Wang Lin had cultivated for nearly 3,000 years and, especially in the cave world, he had resolved crisis after crisis based on his own analysis and deduction.

Although his mind was not too demonic, he had a mind that could deduct the truth by putting clues together!

“I just don’t know what role Grand Empyrean Dao Yi played in this.” Wang Lin’s head was lowered and there was a flash of coldness in his eyes.

“Since Teacher dared to let the Gui Yi Sect know, then I believe he is confident they won’t leak the information. Apart from this weakness, no one would know I’m Grand Empyrean Xuan Luo’s only disciple!

“As long as I don’t reveal my identity, everything will be fine even though I came from the cave world! Let’s wait for a while; this is, after all, just my speculation.” Wang Lin pondered and looked at Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. This beautiful woman had her eyes closed and revealed nothing on her face.

“If Grand Empyrean Jiu Di is really using her as bait, then there must be something strange about her!” Wang Lin thought about the speculations from before and was more confident. However, he still had some doubts, like what kind of secret the broken palm had with the celestial clan to attract the attention of Grand Empyreans!

Wang Lin withdrew his gaze and continued to focus on absorbing the Mountain Sea Tree Spirit. No matter what happened now, increasing his own cultivation level was fundamental to dealing with everything in the future!

Time began to pass in this silence once more.

In a flash, another three years passed! Adding the previous years, Wang Lin and Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi had been trapped here for seven years!

During these three years, the blurry figure from the broken palm had appeared a total of nine times. Each time, it roared and bombarded the light curtain, causing it to shrink nine times.

On this day, it was the ninth time! As the light curtain trembled, a cracking sound echoed, as if the curtain had reached its limit. It had shrunk nine times during the last three years due to the broken palm, so it was now only 30 feet wide!!

The 30 foot distance forced Wang Lin and Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi to be very close. Wang Lin could even smell Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s bodily fragrance.

30 feet wasn’t big. If Wang Lin took out his Yin Blade, it was 30 feet long. This showed how small this area was.

Because they were so close, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi could no longer cultivate. Her face was slightly red and she was somewhat uncomfortable. Her gaze toward Wang Lin had become more complicated.

The same way Wang Lin could smell Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s bodily fragrance, she could also feel the body heat coming from Wang Lin.

“This area… is too small… If there is no solution, the light curtain will soon break, and if it shrinks again…” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi felt anger and shame.

Wang Lin also frowned. In his whole life, aside from a limited number of women, he was rarely this close to a stranger. He was very uncomfortable as well, and the waves of bodily fragrance coming from her made Wang Lin frown constantly.

Adding on their seven years of contact, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was an absolute beauty, like Mu Bingmei. This feeling made Wang Lin sigh in secret.

“I can’t let this continue…” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. However, at this moment, due to the light curtain shrinking and cracks appearing, the shadow outside appeared once more. It violently attacked the light curtain, and the sound outside became even more intense. The cracks on the light curtain began to spread.

Under the bombardment, the light curtain shrank once more!

Thirty feet, twenty feet, ten feet!!

Five feet!

When only five feet remained, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was almost right next to Wang Lin’s right side. Both could feel each other’s body temperature through their clothes.

The surroundings were completely black and the broken palm outside had stopped bombarding for some reason, leaving only silence. Only Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s breathing could be heard clearly inside the light curtain.

“Wang… Wang Lin…” In the darkness, Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi spoke softly. Her warm breath landed on Wang Lin’s face.
