Chapter 1948

Wang Lin suddenly opened his eyes. They were now bloodshot. His clothes were covered in sweat and his face was pale, as if he had lost some strength. A sense of weakness spread across his body.

“Master!” Liu Jinbiao quickly walked up. His eyes were filled with shock and panic.

“How long were my eyes closed for?” Wang Lin’s breathing was rough, as if even breathing was difficult. He was like a mortal, and after a long time, he raised his hand, signaling he was fine.

Liu Jinbiao hesitated for a moment and spoke the truth. “You… You just closed our eyes and seemed to stop existing. I turned around to look at you and then you… Woke up…”

“An instant?” Wang Lin was startled. He had used the dream dao many times, and he was always immersed for a long period of time, never just an instant. He looked at Liu Jinbiao and silently pondered.

The blurry image from the dream dao appeared in his mind. He couldn’t even see the other person’s appearance, only an outline… He could only vaguely remember that a person had appeared… But thinking about it carefully, it was vague, as if he was remembering it wrong.

He felt like someone had changed his memory. His mind trembled.

“If what I saw in my dream dao is real, then who… is he…” Wang Lin thought about the pain and powerlessness he felt after awakening. He had never felt that kind of feeling before. He felt the illusion of death, and not even the Three Life Spell could help. If he died, he would have really died...

After a long time, Wang Lin gradually recovered. He sat there, looking at the Dong Lin Sect, and his eyes slowly shined.

“One day, I’ll know what secret is hiding inside!”

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he stepped into the Dong Lin Pool. When he sat down in the pool, the water was up to his waist. Wave of coldness entered Wang Lin’s body.

Inside the pool, Wang Lin took a deep breath and no longer thought about the secrets of the Dong Lin Sect. He began to cycle his cultivation and seemed to fuse with the pool.

He had experienced this kind of feeling before. However, now that he was actually integrated, Wang Lin suddenly entered a strange state.

This strange state was similar to the state he was in when he created Sundered Night; however, now he had entered it by force with the help of the pool.

In this state, Wang Lin was immersed in a sense of confusion. It felt like a long time had passed, or maybe just an instant.

Wang Lin opened his eyes and there was a hint of confusion in them. He recovered a moment later and looked down at the pool below him. It had lost 30% of its water.

Before Wang Lin asked, Liu Jinbiao said, “Master, three breaths of time has passed, from closing your eyes to awakening.”

Wang Lin nodded.

“Failed… I only stayed in that state for three breaths, but nothing…” Wang Lin frowned. He faintly felt that the many essences in his body had gained a bit of strength, but not much.

“The Dong Lin Sect’s ancestor said that the Dong Lin Pool is related to the foreign cultivator sealed here. There is a chance to comprehend the special essence that foreign cultivator had...

“I didn’t even see what his essence was and I failed the first time… The Dong Lin Sect’s ancestor said that one only has two chances to enter the Dong Lin Pool and will die on the third time… Why will you die? If I can figure that out, perhaps I can try a few more times…” Wang Lin pondered as he sat inside the pool and closed his eyes again.

The moment he closed his eyes, he entered that strange state once more. This time, Wang Lin seemed to enter a state of confusion. Everything became a blur and even his mind became muddled.

He could vaguely feel a strange force enter his body. However, he could only feel it but had no chance of catching it.

After an unknown amount of time, the confused Wang Lin suddenly saw a ray of light in his left eye. This light was very weak - if one didn’t look closely, it would be impossible to see. This light immediately attracted Wang Lin’s attention, but he could only see it in his left eye. The vision in his right eye was still blurry and he couldn’t see anything with it.

This strange change caused Wang Lin’s heart to tremble, but he still focused on the light in his left eye.

However, the light was very far away. Before he could clearly grasp it, he awakened from that state.

The moment he opened his eyes, Liu Jinbiao’s words entered his ears.

“Master, this time it was five breaths…”

Wang Lin looked at the sky in the distance and pondered for a long time. The light he saw with his left eye was still in his mind.

“My left eye could see, but my right eye couldn’t… This Dong Lin pool is more difficult than I imagined.” Wang Lin looked at the pool. Now it had less than 30% of its water left.

“I wonder if this pool water will appear again when it’s used up… In addition, I have tried to comprehend twice and failed both times. On the third try, I wonder what kind of danger there will be.” Wang Lin pondered and then waved his right hand. The Golden Exalt sea dragon flew by and hovered around him. It had shrunken a lot.

The Golden Exalt sea dragon appeared and immediately stared at Liu Jinbiao viciously. It let out a low growl and looked very proud.

Liu Jinbiao was startled. Looking at the sea dragon, he gasped. However, his eyes turned and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth. It was unknown what ideas had appeared in his mind.

Wang Lin didn’t pay attention to them. He sent out a message to the sea dragon to immediately pull him out if something seemed wrong. He closed his eyes and immersed himself in that strange state for the third time.

When Wang Lin entered the strange state and the strange force inside the water entered his body, a rejection force gathered. This turned into a roar that echoed through his mind.

This roar was extremely loud and contained a sense of madness and unwillingness!!

“Lian Yunjue, you’re despicable!” This voice echoed inside Wang Lin’s mind rapidly. It seemed to turn into a roaring thunderclap, causing his body to tremble. He felt like this voice was going to make his mind collapse.

Under the interference of this sound, he was unable to immerse himself in this state and was unable to comprehend.

Just at this moment, a powerful force came from the outside. It was as if a giant claw had grabbed Wang Lin and pulled his body out from the Dong Lin Pool.

After leaving the pool, the voice in Wang Lin’s mind disappeared. Wang Lin opened his eyes and looked at the pool. His expression became gloomy.

“It is indeed impossible to comprehend a third time. If I hadn’t prepared in advance and hadn’t been warned by the Dong Lin Sect’s ancestor, although it wouldn’t have been dangerous, it would’ve still taken some effort to leave.” Wang Lin frowned as he looked at the little remaining water left in the Dong Lin Pool and pondered.

“Why were the first and second times different from the third time… That voice came from the mysterious force that entered my body from the pool after cycling once… Could this be the key? The force is checking how many times I have entered the pool?

“Then how does it judge how many times I have comprehended? And also, that Lian Yunjue, surname Lian… Could that be the madman’s ancestor, the name of the Celestial Ancestor?” Wang Lin’s eyes shined and he looked at the pool. As he pondered, water slowly appeared in the pool until all the lost water had recovered.

“Jin Biao, go down and try.” Wang Lin was confident that he could protect Liu Jinbiao even if he went down a third time. He told Liu Jinbiao of the danger to pay attention to.

Liu Jinbiao didn’t hesitate to step forward and sit down inside the pool.

After four breaths of time, he opened his eyes in confusion.

“I saw a ray of light…” Liu Jinbiao muttered and then closed his eyes again. This time, he spent five breaths. When he opened his eyes, there was a clear flash of light in his eyes, but it quickly disappeared.

“Very close to that light, but couldn’t grasp it…” Liu Jinbiao pondered for a bit and then closed his eyes again. He attempted to comprehend a third time, following Wang Lin’s order.

Wang Lin watched Liu Jinbiao closely, and time slowly passed. One breath, two breaths, three breaths… Until the tenth breath, when Liu Jinbiao’s body began to tremble violently. Wang Lin moved Liu Jinbiao out of the pool without hesitation.

While trembling, Liu Jinbiao’s left eye shined brightly. Even when Wang Lin looked at it, it felt like he was looking at the sun.

“I touched the light and a voice echoed inside my heart, telling me the name of the light. This is the absolute beginning… The beginning of everything… But my cultivation level is not high enough, so I only comprehended a little before I couldn’t bear it anymore.” Liu Jinbiao took a deep breath and looked at the Dong Lin Pool.

“Master, I feel that the reason I was able to comprehend it a third time was because of my dao of deception. In that instant, I deceived myself, telling myself it was my first time entering… By doing this, I deceived the search from the pool. Ever since I awakened from my reincarnation, I’ve been able to exert my dao of deception on others. Does Master want to try?” Liu Jinbiao seemed to have comprehended something, and he looked at Wang Lin.

Wang Lin pondered for a bit and then shook his head. He had an understanding of the dao of deception and had also comprehended a bit in the dream dao. He knew the method, and with his cultivation level, he didn’t need Liu Jinbiao’s help.

With one step, Wang Lin immersed himself in the pool of water for the fourth time. When the strange force entered his body, he used the dao of deception to deceive the water and immersed himself in that strange state.

Soon, he saw the light in his left eye… The light moved closer and closer to him.

A low voice muttered in Wang Lin’s mind, “I have walked through the world and watched hundreds of millions of sunrises and comprehended the absolute beginning essence…”
