Chapter 1950

For cultivators, 13 years was just a flash. For the past 13 years, Wang Lin had comprehended the absolute beginning essence, so he now had one more special essence!

As for the absolute end essence, after 13 years and watching the night devour the light more than 4,000 times, Wang Lin hadn’t fully mastered it, but he had gained some understanding with the help of the Dong Lin Pool.

In these 13 years of comprehension, that low voice never appeared again.

Wang Lin was sitting outside, on the altar outside the Dong Lin Pool. His cultivation level had remained the same for the last 13 years, but for some reason, as he observed the sunrises and sunsets, his hair slowly grew longer.

After a long time, he opened his eyes. His left eye contained a rising sun, while his right eye was filled with darkness. These two strange eyes caused Wang Lin to look very strange.

“The absolute beginning essence can fuse with the slaughter and restriction essences to become the fourth essence inside the thunder essence true body. As for the absolute end essence… I haven’t fully comprehended it and have only gained small completion, but I can still fuse it. Perhaps my cultivation will make a breakthrough because my thunder essence true body will have five essences…” Wang Lin’s expression was calm. The reason he had come to the Dong Lin Sect was to find a chance to find a breakthrough in his cultivation level.

Once he found this opportunity and his cultivation level rose, he could head to the Empyrean Trial to complete his preparation to head to the imperial capital.

As Wang Lin sat there, a shadow appeared on his body. Thunder arched as his thunder essence true body walked out and sat across from him.

The thunder essence true body had a cold expression and thunder covered its body. When Wang Lin looked at this essence true body, he couldn’t help but feel a sense of destruction in his heart.

“The slaughter thunder inside this thunder essence true body contains an indescribable force of destruction I’m very unfamiliar with…” Wang Lin looked at his thunder essence true body. It was wearing the same white robe as him.

After pondering for a moment, Wang Lin raised his right hand and waved at the thunder essence true body.

“Since you contain the slaughter essence and the thunder is filled with destruction, you should wear my black robe from my early days. Be the incarnate of darkness and make it easier to comprehend the mysterious absolute end essence.”

With a wave of his hand, the thunder essence true body’s white robe turned black as if darkness had devoured all light.

When the robe of the thunder essence true body turned completely black, the destructive force inside seemed a bit more intense.

As Wang Lin silently looked at his thunder essence true body, the absolute beginning in his left eye silently flew out between him and the essence true body. After a moment, it flew into his thunder essence true body.

The thunder essence true body trembled and piercing light shined from his body. The light seemed to trigger a rejection force with the destruction inside the thunder essence true body.

Wang Lin observed for a moment but didn’t pay attention to it. His right eye instantly turned dark like ink and the darkness condensed in his right hand into the outline of a sun. Only, this was a black sun.

With a wave of his hand, the black sun flew toward his thunder essence true body and began fusing with it.

However, just as the black sun fused with the thunder essence true body, Wang Lin’s divine sense suddenly spread out. It exerted a powerful pressure on the thunder essence true body so the essence would fuse according to his will!

Although the dark sun didn’t have much essence, perhaps it was immediately absorbed by the slaughter thunder because it was similar to destruction. The slaughter thunder changed once more!!

The slaughter thunder was an existence that could destroy the world and tear the void apart. After integrating with the absolute end essence. a destructive aura spread from the thunder essence true body. and even Wang Lin’s divine sense felt like he could no longer suppress it.

Slaughter all life and destroy a world. Tear apart the light so that night shrouds the world and turns everything into ruin. This was the full force of the thunder essence true body Wang Lin had made!

However, this force was trapped inside the essence true body due to the restriction essence, like a seal. Once this force escaped, it would created a terrifying calamity.

The thunder essence true body was barely in balance with the restriction essence that was sealing the body. However, now that the absolute end essence was added, this already cracked balance collapsed directly .

However, Wang Lin didn’t expect any of this. When the restriction essence could no longer contain the destruction and collapsed, the light from the absolute beginning essence fused with the restriction essence. A new seal was created to form a balance against the destruction once more.

Under this constant sealing and resisting, Wang Lin’s thunder essence true body was like a fire ready to erupt. It was like a mortal holding fire in their hand.

You either completely controlled it, or got burned by the fire.

Destruction and seal, darkness and light. At this moment, the thunder essence true body barely reached a balance. Although the absolute beginning essence had fused with the restriction essence, it was not strong enough to resist the slaughter and absolute end essences. The danger had not disappeared yet, but Wang Lin had to do this.

From the moment he accidently created the slaughter thunder, it was destined that this essence true body would be very different from the five-element true body.

In the thunder essence true body, the four special essences had fused together to resist it. When they barely managed to fuse into one, the essence true body opened its eyes. Its left eye was light and its right eye was dark. It stepped toward Wang Lin and overlapped with him as if it were transparent. Then it sat down and fused with Wang Lin.

At this instant, Wang Lin’s cultivation level suddenly increased from early stage Void Tribulant. When his cultivation level increased, the world changed colors and the clouds above him scattered. The sky above the Dong Lin Sect was some times dark and sometimes bright. It alternated between light and dark until a rumble came from Wang Lin’s body. A powerful gust of wind caused his hair and clothes to flutter. He had broken through to the mid stage of Void Tribulant!!

Wang Lin suddenly stood up and the changes in the world disappeared without a trace. Everything returned to normal - there was no wind, nothing moved, and it was silent.

He stood there, and after a long time, he moved. The Golden Exalt sea dragon that was even more in awe of Wang Lin flew forward, so Wang Lin stepped on its head.

Liu Jinbiao swallowed and also looked at Wang Lin with awe. This awe was the same way he felt back in the cave world, and it was no different here on the Immortal Astral Continent. He quickly arrived on the back of the sea dragon and respectfully stood behind Wang Lin.

His cultivation had mostly recovered during the last 13 years because of his memories and pleasing the sea dragon to get its help.

The sea dragon rose into the air as Wang Lin stood on its head. He looked down at the Dong Lin Sect and the Dong Lin Pool below. After a moment, he clasped his hands and bowed at the Dong Lin Pool!

“Although Senior is already dead, the grace Senior has given me is something I won’t forget.” Wang Lin’s gaze fell on the Dong Lin Temple, and for an instant, he saw the lonely and sad old man.

Wang Lin let out a sigh and the sea dragon flew off into the distance under Wang Lin’s command.

Behind Wang Lin, a sigh containing countless years of loneliness and sadness, along with an even more powerful sense of persistence, echoed...

Due to his loneliness, he had created a dream from his memory to accompany him.

Because of his sorrow, he stayed in this dead sect as he recalled his memory and silently stood guard.

Due to his persistence, even if tens of thousands of years passed, the deeply hidden hatred and madness was ingrained in him like those words on the stone tablet!

Wang Lin left.

But he didn’t leave the Great Sage Continent, he just sat down on the peak of a mountain. With the Golden Exalt sea dragon as a guard, he laid down restrictions around him. As the sun rose in the east, he closed his eyes.

“I’m going to attempt the Empyrean Trial! Back then, I got through the fourth palace. I wonder how many I can break through this time…” Wang Lin closed his eyes and calmed the violent fluctuations from his increase in cultivation level. After three months, he got familiar with his current cultivation level. He raised his right hand and waved, causing spells to appear.

“In the early stage of Void Tribulant, due to the limit of my cultivation level, I could only fuse 13 spells. Now that I’m at the mid stage of Void Tribulat, how many can I fuse… How many would it be with the help of the essence true bodies and essences…” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up in expectation.

After taking a deep breath, Wang Lin closed his eyes and his divine sense gathered at his head. He formed an invisible body and charged into the sky.

“This time, I must become famous in one move! This time, I must make all the Empyrean Exalts look up and watch… This time, I’m going to become rank one among Empyrean Exalts!

“This time, I’m going to become the 49th Ascendant Empyrean!! This time, I’m going to use the power of the Heavenly Bull soul armor!!”

Wang Lin’s divine sense went into the sky like an invisible column of gas. He continued to climb until his mind trembled. When his vision became clear again, he saw the familiar Empyrean Trial!

He saw the palaces floating in the sky and the hundreds of Empyrean Exalts sitting outside the first palace!

Similarly, these Empyrean Exatl saw Wang Lin, who had arrived at the ancient transfer array!

“White=Haired Empyrean Exalt!”

“I remember that he passed through the first four floors back to back before. I thought he would try the fifth palace, but he gave up and left…”

“He probably knew he couldn’t pass and left on his own. This time, he must have gained some insight and found some confidence to pass the fifth palace…”

“It’s him!” Outside the first palace, there was a middle-aged man in black. He seemed to have an arrogant personality, so there was no one around him. He was the first to see Wang Lin arrive.

His name was Zhu Lin! Back then, he had passed through the seventh palace but stopped at the eighth.
