Chapter 1952

The golden light shrouded the Empyrean Trial and colored the ground golden. The Empyrean Exalts were all calm, as if they weren’t surprised at all.

Many people didn’t even look up and were focused on their cultivation. They didn’t even open their eyes as if the golden light from passing the fifth floor couldn’t attract their attention at all.

In the distance, Empyrean Exalt Zhu Lin also didn’t open his eyes. He was immersed in his own world, pondering how to pass the eighth palace. With his cultivation level, he should have the power to pass the eighth palace, but he was stopped there...

“It took this White-Haired Empyrean Exalt some time from entering the fifth palace to the golden light appearing… It was far slower than the rumored speed in which he passed the first four palaces… It seems like he spent some effort to pass the fifth palace.”

“Although the time was still very fast, it is very similar to ordinary Empyrean Exalts attempting the fifth palace. There is really nothing worth noting.”

“I wonder if he will choose to leave like before and try the sixth palace now… But he shouldn’t be able to pass the sixth palace…”

Those Empyrean Exalts that looked up and secretly pondered. Some of them were a little disappointed. After all, the reason they cared was because they had heard of or seen the speed at which Wang Lin passed the first four palaces!

If that wasn’t the case, then merely passing the fifth palace, although shocking, wouldn’t attract too much attention.

Wang Lin’s figure flew out from the golden light of the fifth palace. He was calm and he didn’t look down, but instead turned toward the sixth palace. His eyes shined and he charged at the sixth palace without hesitation.

This was seen by the Empyrean Exalts below, and they all focused on him.

“He is really trying to pass the sixth palace. I was stopped at the sixth palace. He spent so much time on the fifth palace, even longer than me. If I can’t pass the sixth palace, he will definitely fail!”

“The White-Haired Empyrean Exalt didn’t leave?”

“The sixth palace, this is somewhat interesting. If he can pass it, it will be worth befriending him.”

Almost none of the Empyrean Exalts below believed Wang Lin could pass the sixth palace. After all, the amount of time he had spent on the fifth palace was simply too ordinary - there was nothing shocking about it.

Some of the Empyrean Exalts that didn’t open their eyes when the golden light shined from the fifth palace opened their eyes and looked at the sixth palace.

Empyrean Exalt Zhu Lin in the distance opened his eyes and was about to close them when suddenly, a dazzling golden light came from his eyes!

The moment the golden light appeared, Empyrean Exalt Zhu Lin’s expression became serious.

He wasn’t the only one whose eyes lit up. Outside the first palace, every Empyrean Exalts here had golden light appear in their eyes!!

This golden light was not from their bodies, but the reflection of the light from the sixth palace!

The sixth palace released shocking, golden light less than seven breaths after Wang Lin entered. The light connected with the golden light from the fifth palace, reproducing the glory from the past!

“This… This…” Some of the Empyrean Exalts below suddenly stood up and shock filled their eyes.

“He passed through the sixth palace!! It only took seven breaths of time!!”

“Dozens of years ago, he passed the first four palaces back to back and now he has passed through the fifth and sixth palace. His cultivation is definitely not ordinary!”

“To be able to pass the sixth palace means he can at least fuse 50 spells into his body. In the entire celestial clan, there are less than 400 Empyrean Exalts who can do this!”

The Empyrean Exalts below all had series expressions and were looking at the sky. Even those who previously had their eyes closed and thought that this wasn’t worthy of their attention opened their eyes. They looked up at the figure that was rushing from the golden light of the sixth palace.

Those that could pass the sixth palace were considered powerful among Empyrean Exalts!

Empyrean Exalt Zhu Lin stared at Wang Lin’s figure, and his expression was serious. The current Wang Lin couldn’t help but remind him of the figure that he didn’t care about at first but then attracted his attention by passing through four palaces in a row.

“The seventh palace, he is going to attempt the seventh palace!!”

“He is going to try the seventh palace. There are less than 200 people who can pass the seventh palace! Although he passed the sixth palace easily, the seventh palace will not be so easy!”

“Perhaps… he can really break through!” The Empyrean Exalts below looked at Wang Lin, who hadn’t come down but was flying directly toward the seventh palace.

His figure was being watched by almost all the gazes below. Some of them were filled with expectation, suspicion, and even disdain. It was clear that although Wang Lin had the strength to pass the sixth palace, many thought it would be extremely difficult for Wang Lin to pass the seventh palace!

Empyrean Exalt Zhu Lin no longer cultivated but watched Wang Lin’s figure disappear into the seventh palace. Now his expression was extremely serious. If Wang Lin could pass through the seventh palace, it meant Wang Lin was on the same level as him. He was personally witnessing such a cultivator attempt the Empyrean Trial twice, how could he not care?

When Wang Lin entered the seventh palace, the surrounding cultivators were all silent and they all looked up.

One breath, two breaths, three breaths, four breaths, five breaths… After the fifth breath passed, many of the Empyrean Exalts exclaimed in disbelief!!

The seventh palace in the sky shined brightly after the fifth breath. This light connected with the light from the sixth and fifth palaces. It was like a sun that completely lit up the Empyrean Trial!

The white hair of the figure that walked out from the seventh floor seemed to turn golden. The aura this figure released even caused some of the Empyrean Exalts below to stop breathing!

“He… He passed the seventh palace…”

“Five breaths of time, even faster than the sixth palace! What kind of combat power does he have to pass the seventh palace? His name will shake the entire celestial clan in a short period of time!!”

“Five breaths of time to pass the seventh palace… I have never heard of this speed before…” The hearts of the hundreds of cultivators below trembled and there was no longer any disdain. Instead, there was respect in their eyes.

Some of those that were stopped at the fourth or fifth palaces looked at Wang Lin with complicated gazes.

The gap between the strong and weak Empyrean Exalts was extremely wide. Those that could pass the seventh palace needed to be respected even by Empyrean Exalts! For example, Empyrean Exalt Zhu Lin. Although he was arrogant, whenever he attempted the Empyrean Trail, everyone would watch.

“The seventh palace…” Empyrean Exalt Zhu Lin silently pondered. He didn’t think Wang Lin had such strength.

“Will he try the eighth palace… The eighth palace is difficult!”

In the sky, Wang Lin was standing inside the golden light from the seventh palace and was very calm. In this palace, he had used the thunder and five-element true bodies. Only with two true bodies was he able to pass the seventh palace with an overwhelming advantage.

“The higher I go, the more difficult it becomes. I wonder how the eighth palace will be…” Wang Lin looked up at the eighth palace and flew toward it!

He was bent on going through the trial and didn’t care about the actions of others. He didn’t know what kind of storm he had set off below!

“The eighth palace… He went to try the eighth palace!!”

“What an arrogant person. Empyrean Exalt Zhu Lin failed at the eighth palace. This person… Ah, I can’t guess accurately!”

“In the celestial clan, there are less than 150 people who can pass the eighth palace, and this is due to the accumulation of time. This palace is very difficult, and once someone passes it, all the Grand Empyreans will know!” At this moment, almost all the cultivators present stood up. Going through the fifth, sixth, and seventh palaces was enough to cause a clamor.

Empyrean Exalt Zhu Lin stood up and no longer sat there as he stared at the eighth palace. He had tried the eighth palace many times but failed each time. Now that someone else was attempting the eighth palace, he flew into the air to watch.

“The eighth palace, he… can he pass it?”

These people thought the passage of time would be slow, but after just three breaths, golden light erupted from the eighth palace. The sudden burst of light startled everyone.

The golden light from the eighth palace hadn’t shined in many years. However, right now, the golden light from the eighth palace fused with the light below and covered everyone inside the endless golden light.

“He passed the eighth palace…” Empyrean Exalt Zhu Lin’s face was pale and his eyes were filled with shock. He had tried the eighth palace many times but always failed. However, now he had personally seen someone calmly pass it in just three breaths of time!

The hundreds of Empyrean Exalts shrouded by the golden light all forgot to think as they silently looked at Wang Lin in the sky.

A loud voice came from Empyrean Exalt Zhu Lin that awakened the hundreds of Empyrean exalts. “Your excellency, what is your name!” Some knew Wang Lin’s name, but most of them only knew him as White-Haired Empyrean Exalt!

Wang Lin looked down below in the light of the eighth palace and calmly said, “Wang Lin!”

After he spoke, his gaze suddenly looked up at the ninth palace that was somewhat blurry due to the clouds!

Passing through the ninth palace meant the peak of Empyrean Exalts!

Passing through the ninth palace meant he could become famous across the entire celestial clan!

Passing through the ninth palace meant he was infinitely close to becoming an Ascendant Empyrean!

Wang Lin’s time at the Immortal Astral Continent was not short. It had taken him hundreds of years to arrive at this point. He was no longer excited and was as calm as an ancient well.

Under the gazes of all the Empyrean Exalts below, Wang Lin flew toward the ninth palace that hadn’t lit up for tens of thousands of years.
