Chapter 1954

“I knew that this child was extraordinary. In less than 100 years, he even passed through the ninth palace. He is worthy of being recruited! Forget it, although he refused once, this time I’ll go with one of my avatars and he will know how much importance I attach to this!” Sitting under the waterfall, the smile on Dao Yi’s face became even wider.

In the glacier in the Northern Continent, Grand Empyrean Wu Feng looked at the glacier and closed his eyes.

“This child passed the test in the Mountain Sea and broke through the ninth palace. His battle power is similar to an Ascendant Empyrean… Dao Yi saw him, but Dao Yi is arrogant and prideful. Although he won’t go with his divine sense, at most he will send an avatar… This time, I’ll personally go with my original body. This child should be able to tell who attaches more importance to him!”

On Mount Emperor, the beautiful woman revealed a happy smile. It was as if she was even happier than Wang Lin when he broke through the ninth palace.

However, the old man beside her glanced at the autumn leaf and still didn’t care.

The old man shook his head and said, “It is only the ninth palace, peak of Empyrean Exalt. After breaking through the 10th palace, he will be an Ascendant Empyrean, but the 10th palace is only the bottom of Ascendant Empyrean. He is far from Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao.”

The beautiful woman turned around and said, “Teacher!!”

The old man stopped and bitterly said, “If he can pass the 10th palace, I’ll go ask if he is willing to join me.

“Ah, the first nine palaces in the Empyrean Trial are for Empyrean Exalts. The 10th palace is the boundary between Empyrean Exalt and Ascendant Empyrean. From the 11th palace onward, aside from cultivation level and combat power, one needs understanding and enlightenment of dao.

“In the Empyrean Trial, the word ‘trial’ is the key for the last nine palaces! Every palace will give you a fortune, and this Wang Lin…” The old man looked at his disciple and stopped speaking.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was filled with excitement. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes as her divine sense shot into the sky.

In the imperial city of the Central Continent, there was an empty, luxurious palace. As the scene of Wang Lin passing the ninth palace appeared, a cold laughter echoed through the palace.

“Is this the person Dao Fei can’t forget… I have underestimated him…”

Eastern Continent, Purple Yang Sect. The middle-aged man was looking at the mirror before him alone. He completely ignored the miserable screams coming from outside and his eyes were bright.

“I must recruit him! Last time Grand Empyrean reincarnated, she separated. After many years, due to the lack of prestige, many of the Empyrean Exalts and Ascendant Empyreans left… Right now, the Grand Empyrean is about to reincarnate again. If this person can be recruited, he can be a powerful guardian!”

At the same time, in the Empyrean Trial, after Wang Lin passed through the ninth palace, everyone below bowed at him. Nearly 100 Empyrean Exalts quickly left and returned to their bodies. They quickly used their connections and informed the Empyrean Exalts they knew about what had happened.

After all, someone passing through the ninth palace was extremely important within the celestial clan - it could be considered a holy event. Shortly after, even more Empyrean Exalts rushed to the Empyrean Trial from all over the celestial clan.

Wang Lin walked out as the ninth palace shined. He sat in the air and didn’t continue to the 10th palace, but he also didn’t give up.

The entire Empyrean Trial was filled with golden light. All the Empyrean Exalts that had heard the new arrived in the transfer array and immediately saw the golden light. They looked up to see the ninth palace releasing endless golden light and the figure sitting inside the light.

Their expressions were all serious, containing a hint of expectation!

At this moment, none of the Empyrean Exalts here had any mocking intent, and any thoughts of disdain were crushed. They respected the strong, and anyone who could pass the ninth palace was at the peak of Empyrean Exalts!

Time slowly passed and even more Empyrean Exalts arrived here. Rays of light arrived at the transfer array, and it seemed like it would never stop.

Soon, there were nearly 700 Empyrean Exalts present, almost 70% of all Empyrean Exalts in the celestial clan.

There were still Empyrean Exalts rushing here after receiving the news.

“This matter has caused a great stir. Even more people are coming to the Empyrean Trial…”

“Once he passes the 10th palace, he will become an Ascendant Empyrean. But this 10th palace is more difficult than the previous nine combined. Otherwise, the 49th Ascendant Empyrean wouldn’t have taken tens of thousands of years to appear…”

“I think there will be some difficulties. Although very few people have passed the ninth palace, there were still some. Which one of them is not famous, or at least caused a stir? Many people had high expectations, but they failed at the 10th palace in the end… This time, it will likely be the same.”

More than 700 Empyrean Exalts were scattered across the Empyrean Trial. They were all talking to each other, some inquiring about Wang Lin’s name and what happened before.

Among the more than 700 Empyrean Exalts, there was a group that was very calm and very different from the others. Even when they were just standing there, the other Empyrean Exalts were extremely polite to them.

There were less than a few dozen people in this group. They were all people who had passed the ninth palace but were stopped at the 10th palace. They had all come to see if Wang Lin could take the step they all dreamed of!

“Brother Zhao, do you think this person can pass the 10th palace?”

“Difficult! Both of us have tried the 10th floor. If he had the confidence to attempt the 10th floor, he wouldn’t be cultivating there.”

Another half an incense stick of time passed and now nearly 800 Empyrean Exalts were here. More than half of the Empyrean Exalts had dropped everything they were doing and rushed here with their divine senses to witness this important event.

Among the crowd, there was a very beautiful woman. She was Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. She didn’t want to watch through the autumn leaf on Mount Emperor, so had come here personally. She looked up at the golden light in the sky and smiled.

“This fellow, after leaving the Mountain Sea, he disappeared for more than 10 years. I didn’t expect him to be so amazing after reappearing!”

Just as almost 800 Empyrean Exalts waited for Wang Lin to attempt the 10th palace, the transfer array flashed constantly. A middle-aged man in white walked out. He looked cold and didn’t even look at the crowd. He leaped into the air and looked at Wang Lin.

“Ascendant Empyrean Snow Rain!!”

“Even Ascendant Empyreans came here!”

“Not only Ascendant Snow Rain, look, that’s Ascendant Empyrean Dao Wheel!” The appearance of Ascendant Empyreans attracted the attention of all the Empyrean Exalts here. This person was an old man. He was frowning as he flew into the air. He looked at the middle-aged man and they nodded to each other. Then both looked up at Wang Lin in the sky.

“Ascendant Empyrean Meng Shuang!”

“That is Ascendant Empyrean Tiny Child. He has the appearance of a child year-round, so that must be him! Rumors say that he passed the 12th palace!!”

Divine sense messages were being silently passed between the 800 or so Empyrean Exalts here. A total of four Ascendant Empyreans had appeared in the ancient transfer array. They did not talk to each other, they just immediately looked up at the sky.

Just at this moment, the surroundings suddenly became quiet because Wang Lin, who was sitting in the golden light of the ninth palace, suddenly stood up. His actions attracted everyone’s attention.

Wang Lin looked at the large amount of people and frowned, but he soon relaxed. His goal was to become famous, so the more people, the better the effect.

There were four people that caught Wang Lin’s attention below: the four Ascendant Empyrans. When Wang Lin looked at them, they also looked back. They were very calm and showed no emotions.

Wang Lin withdrew this gaze and looked up at the 10th place. He took a step and quickly flew toward the 10th palace and disappeared!

“He’s attempting the 10th palace!!”

“The 10th palace can be described as the dragon’s gate. Once he passes through, he will be the 49th Ascendant Empyrean in my celestial clan!”

All the cultivators below stared intently and were afraid of missing anything.

At this moment, on the Immortal Astral Continent, Dao Yi, Wu Feng, and the powerful existence inside the imperial city looked at their own displays of the Empyrean Trial as Wang Lin walked toward the 10th palace!

In the Purple Yang Sect, the middle-aged man took a deep breath and didn’t even blink once.

“Can he pass…” This was the thought that appeared in almost everyone’s minds!

Time passed. It had been eight breaths since Wang Lin entered the 10th palace!

Ninth breath, 10th breath...

All the gazes gathered on the fuzzy 10th palace. This palace had not released golden light in tens of thousands of years!

However, every time it released golden light in the past, it meant there was one more Ascendant Empyrean in the celestial clan!

The celestial clan only had 48 Ascendant Empyreans. Once another appeared, it would be a joyous event for the entire celestial clan. Even the Ancient clan would know of their name. This kind of cultivator was enough to cause a commotion across the entire Immortal Astral Continent!

The 11th breath, 12th breath, 13th breath… Until the 20th breath!

“Must have failed…” Some of the Empyrean Exalts below immediately signed.

But just at this moment, cries of shock echoed in the silent Empyrean Trial, until it became a monstrous wave!!

“Golden light!! That’s golden light!!!”

“The 10th palace’s golden light!!! It has been tens of thousands of years and now golden light has come from the 10th palace once more!!!”

“He… passed!!!”

After 20 breaths, the fuzzy 10th palace covered by the clouds released a startling, golden light before everyone’s gazes!!!

The expressions of the four Ascendant Empyreans immediately became serious.
