Chapter 1955

In the blurry sky of the Empyrean Trial, the 10th palace that hadn’t shined for tens of thousands of years erupted with bright, golden light. The golden light spread out and filled the eyes of all the cultivators below.

As the golden light spread out, a giant figure seemed to appear. This figure wasn’t Wang Lin, but a shadow filled with endless majesty.

This shadow was very large, like a giant standing in the world. It appeared from the golden light from the 10th palace and soon became more solid.

In a flash, this shadow became clear. He was very handsome, and aside from an ancient aura, he exuded a force that made all celestials worship him.

He wore a golden robe and there was even an emperor crown on his head. It looks like he was looking down upon the world.

The moment this figure appeared, the hearts of the 800 Empyrean Exalts and four Ascendent Empyreans all trembled.

“It is the shadow the Celestial Ancestor left here at the Empyrean Trial!! It is said this shadow separated from the Celestial Ancestor. Even if the Celestial Ancestor dies, it will still exist after being fused with the Empyrean Trial!”

“The 10th palace is the line between Empyrean Exalts and Ascendant Empyreans. Rumor has it that each Ascendant Empyrean is personally titled by the Celestial Ancestor. I didn’t expect it to be true!!”

“He has passed through the 10th palace and the Celestial Ancestor’s shadow has appeared. This Wang Lin had passed the dragon’s gate and from now on is no longer the same rank as us Empyrean Exalts!”

“I got to personally see someone become an Ascendant Empyrean and the Celestial Ancestor personally title them. This trip to the Empyrean Trial was not a waste of time!”

When the giant, golden figure appeared, all the cultivators below became very respectfully and all of them bowed. No one forced any of them to bow, but it was something all the cultivators did out of respect!

“We descendents of the Celestial Ancestor greet Ancestor!!” The voice of all the cultivators echoed in the Empyrean Trial.

Just as all the cultivators below bowed, a figure flew out from the shining, golden 10th palace. This figure was Wang Lin.

This scene seemed to become eternal in the eyes of all the cultivators below.

In the sky, a large and a small, golden figure less than 1,000 feet away from one another were looking at each other.

Wang Lin’s face was slightly pale. When he appeared, he immediately saw the giant, golden figure before him. When he saw the figure, his heart trembled. This was the Celestial Ancestor he had seen twice before!!

His pair of golden eyes were filled with endless majesty, and his gaze landed on Wang Lin. This gaze was filled with an indescribable power and seemed like it was going to completely see through Wang Lin’s every secret.

Wang Lin’s heart trembled. He felt naked under this gaze. He also felt like all his secrets were revealed before this gaze!

Wang Lin didn’t expect this at all. Not even his teacher, Xuan Luo, had expected Wang Lin to arrive at this point in the celestial clan!

As a result, Wang Lin had made no preparations, so all his secrets were going to be revealed. A giant hand appeared in Wang Lin’s mind and quickly flipped through his memories. There was no way to hide anything!

It began searching his memories from his birth!

The entire celestial clan only had 48 Ascendant Empyreans. For the celestial clan, Ascendant Empyreans were very important, second only to the Grand Empyreans.

Even the Celestial Ancestor would have paid attention to these cultivators. Back then, he had already considered that members of the Ancient clan or foreign cultivators would change their aura to come here and even obtain the title of Ascendant Empyrean.

How could the Celestial Ancestor allow this? Being an Empyrean Exalt was fine, but Ascendant Empyreans had to be Immortal Astral Continent cultivators! They had to have been born and raised on the Immortal Astral without any problem. This was also the reason behind the saying that one must pass the 10th palace in the Empyrean Trial to become an Ascendant Empyrean!

Every Empyrean Exalt that had turned into an Ascendant Empyrean had experienced this. All 48 of the current Ascendant Empyrean had gone through this.

This was a test, and if the shadow judged Wang Lin as a foreign or ancient cultivator, the news would immediately spread across the celestial clan. Forget Wang Lin, not even a Grand Empyrean could escape!

The Celestial Ancestor’s shadow wouldn’t attack, but once his secrets were found out, the Ascendant Empyreans or even Grand Empyreans would attack!

Under the gaze of the Celestial Ancestor’s shadow, Wang Lin’s memories from his childhood were being observed. The Heaven Defying Bead that had fused with this soul appeared once more and slowly rotated. A gentle light was released and surrounded Wang Lin, and the bead created false memories for the Celestial Ancestor’s shadow to watch.

No one knew what the Celestial Ancestor’s shadow had seen, but soon, the gaze on Wang Lin became gentle.

After a long time, as all the cultivators below watched, the shadow of the Celestial Ancestor waved his left hand. A scroll appeared out of nowhere and opened like a holy edict.

There were 48 names on that scroll. Eache name shined brightly, and there was pressure coming from the names.

“Ascendant Empyrean List!!”

“This is the legendary Ascendant Empyrean List!!”

“Rumor has it that every single Ascendant Empyrean is personally appointed by the Celestial Ancestor and has their name added to the list. This list only appears when someone successfully passes the 10th palace!”

“It’s the Ascendant Empyrean List! Everyone on the list receives the Celestial Ancestor’s protection. They are the glory of the celestial clan!!”

Aside from those four Ascendant Empyreans, everyone else gasped, and their eyes were filled with desire. They all wanted their names on the list, but even though they were Empyrean Exalts, this wasn’t possible. This list was only for Ascendant Empyreans!

The Celestial Ancestor’s shadow raised his left hand and a brush seemed to appear. The brush moved and wrote down a line of celestial characters!

“Number 49, Wang Lin.”

After finishing the last stroke, the Celestial Ancestor’s shadow dissipated into a golden light that lit up the entire Empyrean Trial.

Even after the Celestial Ancestor’s shadow completely disappeared, everyone was still silent. A moment later, they all bowed.

“Greetings, Ascendant Empyrean!” This included Empyrean Exalt Zhu Lin and all those that doubted Wang Lin could pass the ninth and 10th palaces!

Within the crowd, there was an extremely beautiful woman. She suddenly felt like the distance between them was too large now. One was in the sky and one was on the earth, very far, very far...

This sudden change made her feel an unspeakable sense of melancholy.

Wang Lin silently pondered in the sky with his eyes closed. After a long time, he slowly opened his eyes again. He had just experienced life and death at that moment. He didn’t expect the Empyrean Trial to have such an implication.

“The Heaven Defying Bead appeared once more by itself and saved me… This thing has its own spirit, but what is it… Where did it come from… It was able to fool the Celestial Ancestor’s shadow!

“The 10th palace had 99 golden planets, no wonder so few people have passed it. Even I had to use the Heavenly Bull soul armor for an instant to pass!”

While Wang Lin was pondering, three people flew into the sky and stopped beside him. It was the three Ascendent Empyreans, Snow Rain, Dao Wheel, and Meng Dao.

As for Ascendant Empyrean Tiny Child, he calmly remained below. He looked at Wang Lin but didn’t say a word.

“Congratulations, Fellow Cultivator Wang. Haha, now my celestial clan has one more Ascendant Empyrean!”

“It won’t take long for every Ascendant Empyrean in the celestial clan to know. Fellow Cultivator Wang has become famous in an instant. If there is a chance to meet in the Northern Continent, we have to debate dao.”

“Fellow Cultivator Wang, after entering the Ascendant Empyrean stage, I fear you will face the recruitment of the Grand Empyreans. My name is Rain Snow and I’m under Grand Empyrean Wu Feng. I wonder, has Fellow Cultivator have decided on where to go?”

The three of them smiled and clasped their hands at Wang Lin. Wang Lin smiled back and clasped his hand back in response.

“As for the choice of which Grand Empyrean to go with, I haven’t made up my mind yet and I haven’t decided to leave yet…” After Wang Lin spoke, he looked up at the 11th palace that was completely covered by the clouds!

Him looking up immediately caused the expressions of those three to become serious.

“Could Fellow Cultivator Wang want to try the 11th palace?”

“I do!” Wang Lin nodded and smiled.

All the three had different expressions, and after looking at Wang Lin, Ascendant Empyrean Snow Rain hesitated before speaking.

“The three of us haven’t passed the 11th palace. Since Fellow Cultivator Wang wants to try, I have some experience that might help you.

“The difficulty of the palaces past the 10th is far higher than the first nine for Empyrean Exalts. And once you fail, it is not without danger - you will be injured. Although it’s not serious, you still have to be careful.

“In addition, above the 10th palace, it is difficult to pass with a short period of cultivation. This is why Ascendant Empyreans rarely come here. Unless we are 80% confident, we won’t casually try...

“As far as I know, among the 49 Ascendant Empyreans, including Fellow Cultivator Wang, 27 people stopped at the 11th palace. Aside from those 27 people, 13 people stopped at the 13th palace. Fellow Cultivator Tiny Child below is rumored to have passed the 12th palace, but in truth was stopped at the 12th palace.”
