Chapter 1957

In the Empyrean Trial, as the golden light spread out from the 11th palace, Wang Lin stepped out. His face was pale and he immediately sat down inside the golden light. Everything that happened inside the 11th palace replayed in his mind.

The Green Devil Scorpion was the first spirit to appear, and after that, eight more foreign souls appeared with no break in between. If not for the fact that Wang Lin had put on the soul armor right away, it would have been difficult to pass the 11th palace!

In particular, the last soul, a giant elephant the size of a planet, had great strength!

Wang Lin could feel that the nine foreign souls were all illusions that couldn’t match their original bodies but were still extremely powerful. Every one of them was at peak Empyrean Exalt level, and the last four were strong enough to battle ordinary Ascendant Empyreans!

Wang Lin didn’t have time to waste. After he put on the soul armor, he had a time limit, so he took off the soul armor immediately after he finished the 11th floor to extend its usage.

When he walked out from the 11th palace, a majestic voice appeared in Wang Lin’s mind as the golden light spread out from the palace.

This voice was inaudible to outsiders, only he can hear it.

“I’m Lian Yunjue, and my divine sense was left here in the Empyrean Trial. I also left my spell, the Eight Extreme Dao, here. If the future generation is fated, they can obtain it here...

“You have passed my test and therefore can obtain my Extreme Fire Dao! This is not a spell, essence, or dao spell; it was not created by me, it inherited from the Immemorial God realm…”

As the voice echoed in Wang Lin’s mind, an image appeared in his mind. There was a palm, but it contained no trace of fire. The hand rose and green smoke appeared around its finger. The smoke circled the finger nine times and formed nine smoke rings. The smoke rings grew and gave off a terrifying aura!

Wang Lin sat inside the golden light with his eyes closed as the image and voice appeared in his mind. He had seen this before and had even borrowed his avatar in the void to use it.

But right now, he didn’t borrow the power from his avatar at all. He raised his right hand subconsciously and green smoke circled his finger!

This scene shocked all the cultivators below!

“He really passed the 11th palace!”

“Not many Ascendant Empyreans can pass the 11th palace. He went from the fifth palace and in such a short period of time passed through the 11th palace!”

“I can no longer guess his limit…” After Wang Lin passed through the 11th palace, he had completely separated himself from Empyrean Exalts. The Empyrean Exalts below couldn’t even see the green smoke on the tip of Wang Lin’s finger due to the dense clouds.

But Snow Rain and company saw it clearly!

The three of them had complicated expressions as they looked at Wang Lin, feeling startled.

“To pass through the 11th palace in the first attempt… That green smoke, I have seen it on Ascendant Empyrean Cai Wei. It is clearly the Extreme Fire from the Eight Extreme Dao!”

“We thought he was the same as us, but I didn’t expect him to have the power to pass the 11th palace… Among Ascendant Empyreans, the gap between every palace is extremely large!”

The three of them pondered and silently sighed. Unlike the three of them, in the distance, Ascendant Empyrean Tiny Child’s expression constantly changed. He looked at Wang Lin with hatred in his eyes.

“11th palace… Damn it, it took me a long time to pass through it back then. He also obtained the Celestial Ancestor’s spell!!! And I didn’t obtain it after passing...

“The 11th palace must be his limit. It is impossible for him to pass through the 12th palace. Over the countless years, even Ascendant Empyrean Cai Wei was stopped at the 12th palace! Only Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao has passed it!

“This person definitely can’t pass!” As Ascendant Empyrean Tiny Child stared at Wang Lin, a rare trace of jealousy appeared in his heart.

After a long time, Wang Lin opened his eyes and looked at the circles of green smoke on his finger. There was a flash of coldness in his eyes and then the green smoke dissipated. He looked up and never once look down, but all the cultivators felt their hearts tremble. He looked up at the 12th palace high above him!

“Snow Rain Ascendant Empyrean said that from the 11th palace onward, each palace has its own fortune… Sure enough, this Eight Extreme Dao is different from what I thought. I thought the Celestial Ancestor had created it, but he inherited it from the Immemorial God Realm!

“What exactly is this Immemorial God Realm? It seems like all signs point to the Heaven Defying Bead being from there, and the method of becoming a Grand Empyrean also comes from there...

“Even the Celestial Ancestor’s spell was inherited from the Immemorial God Realm… What kind of existence is that place?!” As Wang Lin pondered, his eyes shined brightly.

“In this Empyrean Trial, reputation isn’t the only thing that can be obtained here. One can also obtain fortunes left by the Celestial Ancestor… Lian Yunjue… That really is the Celestial Ancestor’s name…” Wang Lin took a deep breath and his body trembled. At the same time, bursts of exclamations came from below as he rushed toward the 12th palace.

He vaguely heard the excitement and deep expectations from the cries below. However, he didn’t care about any of this. He was focused on his original goal in coming here!

He was going to become famous with one brilliant move!!

He felt that just passing the 11th palace was not brilliant enough! He felt that even matching the second strongest Ascendant Empyrean, Cai Wei, and stopping at the 12th palace was not brilliant enough!

He felt that perhaps surpassing the strongest Ascendant Empyrean, Ming Dao, could just barely counts as brilliant!!

What’s more, from the 11th palace and above, there were fortunes to obtain. Wang Lin was very interested in the Eight Extreme Dao that the Celestial Ancestor had obtained from the Immemorial God Realm!

“Mad, mad, he is indeed going to attempt the 12th palace!”

“12th palace! I don’t know how many Ascendant Empyrean passed it, but these people are extremely rare!!”

“He will definitely pass. I don’t think he will fail this time!”

Wang Lin’s action caused Snow Rain and company to stare dumbfoundedly at his figure disappearing into the clouds. After a long time, their gazes were filled with an even more complicated feelings, along with admiration!

“Someone once said that there are those that know not of the limit of ambition. Today, I understand… His pursuit is something we can only watch from afar.”

“Snow Rain, do you think he can pass the 12th palace?”

“Yes! Although this is the first time we’ve met, this person would obviously not do something he has no grasp in. Since he dares to step into the 12th palace, he must be confident!”

“It’s unlikely. Only Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao was able to pass through the 12th palace when he became an Ascendant Empyrean. If he passes it, doesn’t that mean he will set off the same storm as Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao?”

“Back when Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao became an Ascendant Empyrean, he passed through the 12th palace and caused the Grand Empyreans to come to watch personally. Even most of the Ascendant Empyreans came. All the Grand Empyreans gave very attractive conditions, and he chose the Celestial Emperor in the end.”

As Snow Rain’s group of three were talking, intense light came from the ancient transfer array and figures began to appear.

These figures made all the Empyrean Exalts below become extremely respectful, but they were not shocked that these people that were extremely difficult to meet had all appeared now!

“Ascendant Empyrean Heavenly Flame!”

“Ascendant Empyrean Chen Fan!”

“Ascendant Empyrean Shattered Dream!”

“That is Ascendant Empyrean Han Dan!”

In a moment of silence, almost 30 Ascendant Empyreans came here with their divine senses. When they appeared, they all looked up with serious expressions.

It was extremely rare for this many Ascendant Empyreans and Empyrean Exalts to appear. Over the countless years, the only other time this happened was when Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao became an Ascendant Empyrean!

Even Ascendant Empyrean Cai Wei didn’t set off such a storm.

After several breaths, the ancient transfer array shined brightly. The light became even more dense and, a moment later, a tall figure walked out.

This shadow was bald, and after he appeared, the entire Empyrean Trial became silent. Whether it was the Empyrean Exalts or Ascendant Empyreans, they all bowed at the bald figure.

“Greetings, Grand Empyrean Wu Feng!”

This tall figure was Grand Empyrean Wu Feng! After he appeared, he was calm as he stepped forward and floated into the sky. He ignored all the people below and looked at Wang Lin, who was pondering.

“Wang Lin, it doesn’t matter if you pass through the 12th palace or not. If you follow me, I’ll agree to any condition you request!” Grand Empyrean Wu Feng’s voice was not loud, but it echoed through the Empyrean Trail and entered Wang Lin’s heart.

Wang Lin stopped for a moment outside the 12th palace. He bowed and looked down.

“Thank you, Grand Empyrean, but I still need to pour my full attention on attempting the Empyrean Trial. How about we talk about this later?”

“Good!” Grand Empyrean Wu Feng didn’t mind at all. The more he looked at Wang Lin, the more he intended to recruit him.

This was seen by all the surrounding cultivators, and their expressions changed. There was a strange feeling in their hearts. Such a scene, this many Ascendant Empyreans. This was almost comparable to Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao back then!

“Little friend Wang Lin, do you still remember our agreement?” Just at this moment, a voice that made Grand Empyrean Wu Feng frown came from the transfer array.

The transfer array lit up and Grand Empyrean Dao Yi walked out.
