Chapter 1958

Grand Empyrean Dao Yi was wearing a simple daoist robe, and he smiled as he walked out. He looked at Wang Lin, who was outside the 12th palace.

Wang Lin’s expression was calm, and he also looked at Grand Empyrean Dao Yi. He also pondered a bit before he clasped his hands.

“I remember. If I pass the ninth palace, Grand Empyrean Dao Yi will come to recruit me again.”

“This matter is not urgent. Little Friend Wang Lin can first attempt the 12th palace.” Grand Empyrean Dao Yi smiled and looked at Grand Empyrean Wu Feng, who was not far away.

Their gazes collided and seemed to solidify.

This was seen by all the cultivators present. The Empyrean Exalts all had strange gazes in their eyes. Aside from Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao, this was the second time they had seen Grand Empyreans fight over someone!

Grand Empyrean Wu Feng revealed a flash of coldness and slowly said, “Dao Yi, I have my sights on his child. Don’t fight with me!”

Grand Empyrean Dao Yi smiled and sent out a divine sense message. “Wu Feng, even we can’t force Ascendant Empyreans. It all depends on his own choice. You eyeing him doesn’t mean he will follow you!

“Moreover, he is about to attempt the 12th palace. Once he passes the 12th palace, he will be comparable to Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao. Forget you and me, even that old fellow Jiu Di might be moved to come...

“And there is also that Celestial Emperor. I don’t know what he promised Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao to recruit him.”

As the two chatted with their divine senses, in the sky, Wang Lin took a deep breath and stepped into the 12th palace!

The moment he entered the palace, Dao Yi and Wu Feng stopped talking and looked up. All the cultivators here, whether it was Empyrean Exalts or Ascendant Empyreans, looked up.

Only the few people watching from outside of the Empyrean Trial had different thoughts. The middle-aged man in the Purple Yang Sect looked at the mirror bitterly and sighed deeply.

“Ah, how did he pass through the 11th palace… The 11th palace is fine, but he can’t pass the 12th palace… Once he breaks through, what can I use to recruit him...

“I fear he will immediately be pulled to the Celestial Emperor and Grand Empyrean Jiu Di. Even Grand Empyrean Dao Yi and Wu Feng would find it difficult to match those two...

“Unfortunate. If my Purple Yang Sect’s Grand Empyrean Gemini hadn’t encountered an accident during the last reincarnation, we could compare to the Celestial Emperor and Jiu Di…”

This middle-aged man let out a bitter sigh and was about to give up on the idea of recruiting this person. However, at this moment, the door was kicked open and a little girl in red ran in.

“Little Gu Ya, why are you still looking at the broken mirror? Come out and help me and Han Han teach this Little Wolf a lesson. Today, this Little Wolf is being very bad! I’m going to each him a lesson today!”

“Little Ancestor…” The middle-aged man looked like he was about to cry.

“Eh? The person inside the broken mirror seems familiar…” The little girl in red looked at the mirror and frowned as if she was thinking.

“Eh… Little Ancestor, of course you are familiar with them. They are Grand Empyrean Wu Feng and Grand Empyrean Dao Yi…” The middle-aged man sighed and planned on giving up recruiting.

“Let’s go, Little Ancestor, I’ll help you deal with that… that Little Wolf…” The middle-aged man sighed. He pitied the poor cultivator named Greed.

“Not that dead baldy and that fake mask guy, it’s this person!” The little girl raised her right hand and pointed at Wang Lin, who had stepped into the 12th palace.

“Eh, he entered this hall. Very familiar… Let me think…” The little girl pondered for a moment and then her eyes suddenly lit up!

“His name is Wang Lin!! I remember that when I found Little Wolf, I also saw him. I remember that Han Han and I helped him once… And I seem to have seen him before!

“The person you said you want to recruit was him. Good, good. Me and Han Han will go with you.” The little girl blinked and clapped her hands as she laughed.

The middle-aged man swallowed and stared at the little girl dumbfoundedly. After a long time, his expression became excited.

“Little… Little Ancestor, are you certain you guys know him from before and even saved him?”

The little girl frowned and pointed at the excited middle-aged man as she said in an old fashioned tone, “Little Gu Ya, are you going to be disobedient?”

“It is indeed worthy of Grand Empyrean Gemini to have the foresight to have rescued him before. With this, perhaps we can really recruit him!” The middle-aged man laughed in excitement and his face seemed a bit more rosey. He even coaxed the little ancestor before him like a child.

As soon as the little girl heard this, she immediately smiled and looked very proud.

“Hmph, this is what Little Gu Ya gets for being disobedient. Now you know how powerful me and Han Han are and how far sighted we are. I already told you to forget about those that left, but you won’t listen.

“I, Grand Empyrean Gemini, never force anyone to say. If they want to leave, they can leave. Who controls the flow of fate? How can you, or them, understand this?” The more the little girl spoke, the more proud she felt.

“Yes, yes, yes. Grand Empyrean Gemini controls the flow of fate. Gu Ya admires, admires…” The middle-aged cultivator quickly smiled and looked at the little girl before him with a loving gaze.

Although his cultivation was lacking, when Grand Empyrean Gemini went through an accident during her reincarnation, he chose to stay to take care of the two little girls when everyone else left. Everything he had done until now was for that grace she had given him during her peak.

Back then, he was just an unknown Empyrean Exalt under Grand Empyrean Gemini, but now he was the only one.

While laughter echoed in the Purple Yang Sect, on Mount Emperor in the Central Continent, the originally lazy Grand Empyrean Jiu Di was now staring intently at the autumn leaf before him.

“Attempting to the 12th palace after passing the 11th palace… This one… This one barely counts as a person. I could begrudgingly give him an offer… But with Hai Zi there, if I go, it will seem to not quite match what I said before…” Although the old man muttered this, he didn’t even blink as he stared at the autumn leaf.

“Forget it, it is only the 11th palace. This child is far below Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao.” The old man turned his head and closed his eyes, but a moment later, he opened them again and looked at the autumn leaf.

“Can he pass or not…”

Also in the Central Continent, in the imperial city, in the luxurious palace, the black-robed Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao stared at the illusion and frowned.

“Can you kill him in one breath?” A calm breath echoed in the hall.

Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao silently pondered and a moment later said, “One breath is enough!”

A laugh seemed to echo, and the voice came again.

“He can’t pass through the 12th palace. His Heavenly Bull soul armor will meet the Heavenly Bull on the 12th palace! Let the others fight over this person, this emperor has no interest…” Just as his words echoed, he suddenly stopped talking before he finished. Ripples echoed on the dragon throne and a middle-aged man who looked extremely similar to the Celestial Ancestor appeared.

There was a hint of shock in his eyes as he looked at the illusion in the palace. The 12th palace in the illusion suddenly erupted with blinding, golden light!!

This golden light was clearly coming from the Empyrean Trial, but it seemed to penetrate the void through the illusion, lighting this palace up!

“He passed the 12th palace!” The middle-aged man in the golden robe was rather surprised.

The young man in black beside him suddenly released a shocking killing intent. He stared at the illusion and his eyes revealed a monstrous chill.

He understood that Wang Lin had passed through the 12th palace and would be like him in the past. Wang Lin would have the attention of everyone and all the Grand Empyreans would strive to recruit him. He could obtain better conditions to get even stronger.

Wang Lin passing through the 12th palace meant that whenever someone talked about him, Wang Lin’s name would be brought up! This naturally made him, who was always considered the number one Ascendant Empyrean, very unhappy!

The black-robed Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao pondered a bit and said, “A mere 12th palace, there are a few people in the Celestial Clan who can do it. Killing him still would only take one breath!”

But the golden robed middle-aged man was staring at the illusion. It was unknown what he was thinking.

At the same time, on Mount Emperor, the old man stood up and his eyes shined with a strange light. However, after hesitating a bit, he slowly sat down.

“I have seen him once before, and this child has the Heavenly Bull soul armor… Passing the 12th palace with the power of the soul armor means he still can’t compare to Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao… Unless he can pass the 13th palace with the soul armor… he is just a normal Ascendant Empyrean.” The old man pondered as he sat down and closed his eyes.

“Ah, tired… Really tiresome… Should I recruit him or not… He should not be able to break through the 13th palace and should give up… Eh!” The old man immediately opened his eyes. He saw Wang Lin outside the 12th palace, surrounded by an invisible layer of water vapor. The pressure the ripples created could even be felt through the autumn leaf.

“Extreme Water Dao!”

Just as the old man was observing the invisible water ripples around Wang Lin’s body in the autumn leaf, he saw Wang Lin move. Wang Lin hadn’t given up and was rushing toward the 13th palace!

In a flash, his figure disappeared into the cloud as he rushed toward the 13th palace.

This scene caused the black-robed Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao to let out a cold snort, and there was a flash of killing intent in his eyes.

“Celestial Emperor, I’m going to the Empyrean Trial to attempt the 16th palace!”
