Chapter 1959

Almost all the Empyrean Exalts, Ascendant Empyreans, and Grand Empyreans of the celestial clan were attracted by Wang Lin’s seemingly mad action.

This kind of thing was very rare in the celestial clan. Only Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao had received this kind of attention in the past.

However, this focus would no longer only belong to Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao. A part of it would split and descend upon Wang Lin!

From now on, in the history of the celestial clan, Wang Lin’s name would shine brightly and be known by all those that were qualified!

Even in the near future, it was likely even the Ancient clan would hear about this!

The celestial clan’s 49th Ascendent Empyrean. After becoming an Ascendant Empyrean, he passed the 11th and 12th palaces and was attempting the 13th palace!

Grand Empyrean Jiu Di on Mount Emperor was no longer lazing around but staring intently at the autumn leaf before him. His expression was serious.

He understood that passing through the 13th palace, even with the soul armor, meant that this person was too not worthless...

As for the Celestial Emperor, who had revealed himself in the imperial palace, his eyes contained a strange light. He looked at the illusion ahead as he watched Wang Lin rush into the 13th palace.

Beside him, the black-robed Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao had already sat down. His divine sense had gathered on his forehead and he was about to head to the Empyrean Trial!

At this moment, in the Empyrean Trial, Grand Empyrean Dao Yi frowned and sighed. He knew that the current Wang Lin had already set off a storm. If a Grand Empyrean wanted to attract such a cultivator, it would require a certain price.

But no matter how great the price, it would be worth it. Once this person became a Grand Empyrean, the benefits would be well worth it. To have another Grand Empyrean as a friend and also having a previous relationship would help any Grand Empyrean’s status increase greatly.

Grand Empyrean Wu Feng also let out a sigh. He foresaw Wang Lin reproducing the scene of the four Grand Empyreans beside Gemini all fighting for the same person.

Unless some unknown accident happened...

The Empyrean Trial was completely silent and the Empyrean Exalts were silently looking up at the sky. Throughout the day, they felt the gap between them and Wang Lin, who had gone from the fifth palace to the current 12th palace.

They recalled the thoughts they had when Wang Lin had just passed the fifth palace and how that seemed like a joke now. With their cultivation level, they were qualified to comment on an Ascendant Empyrean, much less one that had just passed the 12th palace!

Now they could only look up at the figure in the sky!

Even Snow Rain and company silently pondered, but their complicated feelings decreased greatly. After all, the gap was too big - big enough to erase all other thoughts.

“Back then, Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao stopped at the 13th palace… I wonder if this person can surpass him…”

“If he passes the 13th palace, he will completely suppress Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao in the past, becoming the strongest person who just became an Ascendant Empyrean! Although he can’t compare to the current Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao, who can pass the 15th palace, he’s not far away!”

As for the Ascendant Empyrean Tiny Child, his face was pale after everything he had witnessed. At this moment, he should change his mindset, but he couldn’t help but reveal a complicated expression.

“The 13th palace… He definitely can’t pass it!!”

There were more than 20 Ascendant Empyreans who had come here with Snow Rain and company. They were scattered across the Empyrean Trial as they looked up, witnessing this event!

“I wonder if he can pass the 13th palace…”

“My celestial clan has a total of nine people who stopped at the 13th palace, including Cai Wei and Ming Dao. Even if Wang Lin can’t pass the 13th palace, he will be in the top 10 among Ascendant Empyreans!”

“The 13th palace, he should not be able to pass. In the end, he still has his limits.”

There were some Ascendant Empyreans that were friends who talked to each other through divine sense. They looked up at the outline of the 13th palace that was hidden in the clouds.

Inside the 13th palace, Wang Lin’s face was pale. When he entered, the foggy star system appeared before him again. The fog here seemed more intense than the previous two palaces.

Wang Lin silently pondered inside this fog.

“The Heavenly Bull appeared among the nine spirits in the 12th palace… I could feel that passing the 12th palace was the limit of the soul armor...

“The soul armor is not omnipotent. It can raise my cultivation level and increase my combat power, but as my cultivation increases, its effect gradually reduces. After all, all it can do is make me infinitely close to the Heavenly Bull...

“However, in truth, there is still a gap.

“Fortunately, I learned the Extreme Fire Dao in the 11th palace and obtained the Extreme Water Dao in the 12th palace. Out of eight extreme daos the Celestial Ancestor inherited from the Immemorial God Realm, I now control two!

“This 13th palace, should I pass or not…” Wang Lin stared at the palace and pondered.

“What is dao?” As he pondered, the same voice he had heard inside the previous two palaces echoed. This voice echoed through the void and was filled with endless pressure.

As the voice echoed, Wang Lin’s eyes gradually became calm. He had already answered this question twice, and his response was different each time. He answered “life and death are dao” the first time and “karma is dao” the second time.

The third time, Wang Lin understood that the answer was “true and false are dao!”

This test of enlightenment of dao might be difficult for others, but Wang Lin had already begun pondering these matters back in the cave world.

“One move to become famous… I should have barely counted as having done that. After the 13th palace, I should stop. Even if the Grand Empyreans know that I have the soul armor, this should be enough.” Wang Lin pondered and made up his mind.

As the voice echoed, Wang Lin’s mind was clear. He thought about his dream on planet Suzaku and slowly said, “Life and death are chains, this is dao. The chains connect together to form a circle that is karma, this is dao! People have a dream barrier; they can’t tell if they are awake or in a dream. This dream barrier hinders all life from seeing the world. They are immersed in the true and false and are unable to pull themselves out. The power to break the dream barrier and open your eyes is true and false, this is dao!”

As his words echoed, the fog that covered the area dissipated, revealing the complete star system...

Time passed. The people at the Empyrean Trial had waited for an incense stick of time, and now their gazes toward the 13th palace were gradually becoming filled with regret and hesitation.

“This is taking much longer than the 12th palace. This shows how difficult the 13th palace is…”

“It looks like he will stop at the 13th palace. After all, he must have a limit!”

“That’s right. Becoming one of the top 10 most powerful Ascendant Empyreans the moment he became an Ascendant Empyrean is enough for his fame to sweep the celestial clan!”

“If he could pass the 13th palace, he would become the third most powerful Ascendant Empyrean, just after Ascendant Empyrean Cai Wei…”

“In the end, he still hasn’t surpassed Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao…”

The Ascendant Empyreans sent out divine sense messages to each other - some felt regret and some felt relief.

“Is this the limit?” Grand Empyrean Dao Yi looked at the sky and relaxed a bit. Not being able to pass the 13th palace would make it easier for him to recruit Wang Lin.

Just as everyone was speculating if Wang Lin would stop at the 13th palace, the ancient transfer array in the distance lit up. A figure began to condense, and after the light dissipated, a young man in black appeared before everyone.

His appearance stirred the crowd no less than Dao Yi and Wu Feng. It was as if his appearance would set off a new storm in the Empyrean Trial!

“Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao!!”

“He is Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao?”

“Even he came. If Wang Lin passes through the 13th palace, what kind of expression will Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao make?” Many of the Empyrean Exalts here hadn’t seen Ascendant Empyrean Ming Do before, but as they talked to each other, they learned who he was. They all looked at him with respect, but even more so with a sense of expectation.

They were waiting for what would happen once Wang Lin appeared and their gazes met!

“The strongest Ascendant Empyrean, number one under the Grand Empyreans. Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao decided to come here now! This is interesting!”

“This Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao clearly can’t calm down. After all, Wang Lin is about to surpass him. If he didn’t come, then it would be contrary to his personality.”

“This Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao had always been arrogant, but no one could challenge him. Even Ascendant Empyrean Cai Wei can only be suppressed by Ming Dao.”

Only the Ascendant Empyreans had some understanding of Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao. They looked at each other and their expression remained the same, but their expectations also built up in their hearts.

“Ming Dao greets Grand Empyrean Dao Yi and Wu Feng.” The cold-looking youth in black didn’t look at the Empyrean Exalts or Ascendant Empyreans but clasped his hands at the two Grand Empyreans.

Wu Feng looked at Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao and sighed in his heart. He had offered excellent conditions, but Ming Dao still chose the Celestial Emperor. Just as he was about to speak, he suddenly looked up.

Not only him, but everyone’s hearts trembled and they stopped paying attention to Ming Dao. They all looked up in the sky.

The 13th palace covered by clouds suddenly erupted with golden light. This golden light soaked into the clouds, causing the entire sky to become golden!

“He has passed the 13th palace!!”

“In the past, when Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao became an Ascendant Empyrean, he was stopped at the 13th palace. Now this Wang Lin has passed the 13th palace and surpassed Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao!!”

The black-robed Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao’s eyes shrank as he stared at the sky, and his expression became a bit gloomy.
