Chapter 1961

“Celestial Emperor, what is the meaning of this?” Grand Empyrean Wu Feng stared at the Celestial Emperor’s shadow around the Empyrean Exalt.

“Wu Feng, no need to be angry. Ming Dao didn’t hurt anyone and didn’t break any rules.” The Celestial Emperor’s shadow around the cultivator smiled, but he had an expression as if he couldn’t be questioned. He didn’t even look at Wang Lin, who was outside the transfer array.

“Not to mention, if Wang Lin didn’t leave the transfer array and the finger landed, his divine sense would have been damaged during the transfer. Forget violating the rules, this kind of behavior is extremely shameless!” Grand Empyrean Wu Feng waved his sleeve and showed no sign of retreat.

Celestial Emperor Wu Feng smiled and said, “Wu Feng, your words are a bit too much. Is the child injured?”

Wu Feng coldly looked at the Celestial Emperor but didn’t speak.

“Since no damage was done, what need is there to act like this? Wu Feng, I know you want to recruit this child and I won’t fight with you. This kind of cultivator…” The Celestial Emperor lowered his head to look at Wang Lin.

“Is worthless. He has the soul armor, so he can pass the 13th palace. But without the soul armor, it would’ve been difficult for him to become an Ascendant Empyrean!” the Celestial Emperor said in a casual tone.

He was the Celestial Emperor, Grand Empyrean Eight Extreme. His words meant more than any Ascendant Empyrean’s. His words set off a storm in the Empyrean Trial!

Almost no Empyrean Exalts and Ascendant Empyreans here knew that Wang Lin had a soul armor. They thought Wang Lin had passed through the 13th palace with his own strength. However, after the Celestial Emperor spoke, a buzz of discussion erupted!

“He has a soul armor!!! This man is actually so shameless!”

“I was wondering how he could climb from the fifth palace to the 13th palace. It turns out that he relied on the power of the soul armor. Even I can do that!”

“No wonder he passed through the palaces so fast. His actual power is only at the fifth palace, but because of the soul armor, he was able to get this far. He can deceive us, but he can’t deceive the Grand Empyreans!”

“We were almost cheated by him. This Wang Lin is shameless!! What Ascendant Empyrean? He is simply a common Empyrean Exalt. Without the soul armor, I can kill him in one breath!”

“Hmph, I suspect he doesn’t even have the cultivation of an Empyrean Exalt, and the reason he can come here is due to the power of the soul armor! Look at his cultivation level, he is clearly only at the mid stage of Void Tribulant and not even a Golden Exalt. I thought he was deliberately hiding his cultivation level, now it seems like he is merely a tiny mid stage Void Tribulant cultivator!”

“No wonder only Grand Empyrean Dao Yi and Grand Empyrean Wu Feng came after he broke through the 13th palace. Grand Empyrean Jiu Di never appeared. Clearly, he has long seen through this person’s shamelessness and felt too much disdain to recruit him!”

“What kind of talent does this person have? He is clearly a cheater. He deceived us all. If I knew this, I wouldn’t have come to watch!”

The reason the Empyrean Exalts were so angry was mostly due to jealousy. Before, it had mostly dissipated due to the large gap, but now that they had learned that it was all fake, their jealousy broke out.

The Ascendant Empyreans all had strange expressions as they looked at Wang Lin.

“He’s actually using a soul armor… But even with the soul armor, to be able to pass the 13th palace means he has some skills…”

“Ah, I didn’t expect it to be like this!”

“This person’s reputation had just reached its peak after becoming the third strongest Ascendant Empyrean, but then the Celestial Emperor pointed out the soul armor. Could the Celestial Emperor have a grudge against him…”

“There is something wrong with this matter. If it was so simple, Grand Empyrean Dao Yi and Grand Empyrean Wu Feng wouldn’t have come to watch.”

The surrounding discussions buzzed and entered Wang Lin’s ears. He stood there silently, pondering, and his face was a little pale. He still had everyone’s attention, but compared to before, it was like night and day!

This was the purpose of the Celestial Emperor - he wouldn’t let Wang Lin gain fame so easily. That’s why he pointed out the critical point. Now he listened to the discussions of the surrounding cultivators and smiled.

“So you wore the soul armor to pass the 13th palace. I was wondering why you were rushing to leave after the 13th palace and did not attempt to pass the 14th palace. It seems the time on your soul armor ran out, so you could no longer fool everyone and had to leave immediately.

“Forget it, a cultivator like you is not qualified for me to take another look at. Scram!” Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao sneered at Wang Lin and waved his sleeve.

“What a disappointment!”

Facing all the discussions and contempt of all the surrounding cultivators, Grand Empyrean Dao Yi opened his mouth to say something, but he just let out a sigh in his heart. He knew that the cultivator named Wang Lin was notorious in the celestial clan.

“For the Celestial Emperor to speak like this at this moment means that he has some sort of relationship with this child. This person… He is not infamous, this person… It’s best not to recruit him. Although his child’s understanding is somewhat different, it is now all a waste.” Dao Yi sighed and didn’t speak. He had given up on Wang Lin.

Just at this moment, the voice of an angry woman came from the crowd. This voice contained her full cultivation and echoed across the Empyrean Trial.

“All of you, shut up! You don’t know anything. More than a decade ago, Wang Lin could battle against me without the soul armor. How could he be anything like what you say!?

“Even with the soul armor, so what? That just means he has obtained the recognition of the foreign souls to grant him power. It is also part of his own cultivation!

“13th palace, he has the power to pass the 13th palace. Do any of you who mock him dare to go up against him!? If you are all jealous, you can all go obtain soul armors and see how difficult obtaining the recognition of a foreign soul is compared to the Empyrean Trial!” This voice came from Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was very famous across the celestial clan. Part of it was because her teacher was Grand Empyrean Jiu Di, and part of it was her own strength.

After her words echoed, the surroundings suddenly became quiet.

Wang Lin was still silently pondering as he stood outside the transfer array with a pale face. Under the doubtful gazes of everyone present, he looked at the excited and angry Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi in the distance.

The Celestial Emperor shook his head and said, “Little Fellow Hai Zi, don’t speak nonsense. Whether it’s you Empyrean Exalts or Ascendant Empyreans, the focus on your own cultivation is key. There is a limit to relying on external power! This Wang Lin’s limit is the 13th palace. I fear that for the next hundreds of thousands of years, it will be difficult for him to take another step forward. What’s the point of temporarily reaching this level?”

“This is the truth all you cultivators need to remember, because relying on external power just delays your own cultivation. This Wang Lin is an example for you all!”

Grand Empyrean Wu Feng, who had been silent for a long time, suddenly said, “External force? The title of Grand Empyrean is also an external force. It is an inheritance from the Immemorial God Realm. If it is really as you say, which one of us hasn’t obtained help from an external force?”

“Even you, Celestial Emperor, Grand Empyrean Eight Extreme. I remember when you were only an Empyrean Exalt. If not for your bloodline inheriting the legacy of the Celestial Ancestor, do you think you could have inherited the title of Eight Extreme?

“External force is another force. As long as this power can blow away everything in your path, who would dare to say anything?” Grand Empyrean Wu Feng coldly stared at the Celestial Emperor and spoke once more.

“You call him worthless, then, in the eyes of the Celestial Ancestor, a descendent like you is also worthless!” Wu Feng was not holding back anymore.

The Celestial Emperor stared at Wu Feng, and his expression gradually became cold.

“How can the title of a Grand Empyrean be compared to a soul armor? Wu Feng, I’m surprised you can still value such a person. Even when this child put on the soul armor, the 13th palace was his limit. But if he got the title of Grand Empyrean, he could easily pass through the 19th palace. Do you think these two are the same thing?

“Forget the 19th palace. If he can pass through the 15th palace, I’ll help him today. I’ll pass down a holy edict telling the world that he is the number one person in the celestial clan below Grand Empyreans!

“That is, if he can!”

Wu Feng silently pondered.

The Celestial Emperor smiled slightly, as if he didn’t care about what Wu Feng had said. He turned around and his shadow was about to dissipate.

“Ming Dao, return to the palace. The matter here is over.”

Dao Yi let out a sigh and was about to turn to leave. Even the Empyrean Exalts and Ascendant Empyreans turned with the thoughts of leaving. This show was over.

Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao coldly looked at the silent Wang Lin. He sneered and was about to leave.

But just at this moment, Wang Lin suddenly let out a sigh. He looked up at the Celestial Emperor that was about to dissipate.

“15th palace? Celestial Emperor, take a good look!” Wang Lin’s expression was calm, but inside his body, a force was gathering. At this moment, it erupted and he flew into the sky.

His action suddenly caused Dao Yi to pause and the Celestial Emperor to frown. His dissipating body solidified once more and he looked toward Wang Lin.

Wu Feng’s eyes lit up and he looked at Wang Lin, who had charged into the sky like a dragon.

Not only them, but everyone in the Empyrean Trial raised their heads and looked up at Wang Lin’s figure!

“What is he going to do?”

“Is he really going to continue? His soul armor is already at the time limit, how can he continue?”

As Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao looked at Wang Lin’s figure, his heart skipped a beat. He had a bad feeling.

At the same time, outside the Empyrean Trial, on Mount Emperor, Grand Empyrean Jiu Di suddenly stood up and stared at the autumn leaf before him.

He had seen everything that had happened and agreed with the Celestial Emperor’s words. When he saw Wang Lin fly up, he showed a rare sign of surprise.

“What does this child have up his sleeve to continue?”

At this moment, in the Purple Yang Sect, Grand Empyrean Gemini had played enough and had returned to the side of the middle-aged cultivator. They saw Wang Lin being belittled and was very angry. When they saw Wang Lin flying into the sky, they were filled with expectation.

“Wang… Wang Lin?!” Greed, who was being tortured by Grand Empyrean Gemini, stared at the mirror, and his mind was blank.
