Chapter 1962

At this moment, Wang Lin was charging into the sky. He didn’t want to do this, he wanted to stop at the 13th palace. However, the appearance of the Celestial Emperor and what he had said caused rage to brew inside Wang Lin’s heart.

This rage was proof of his earlier speculation - the trip to the imperial city would be extremely dangerous!

The reason the Celestial Emperor had come to destroy Wang Lin’s momentum was so that no Grand Empyreans would recruit him. Even if they did recruit him, they wouldn’t give him the treatment he should have for passing the 13th palace.

This method was the most direct, but it was extremely effective!

To plummet to the abyss from the top of his glory, to go from the peak of respect to being looked down upon by all. This kind of contrast was nothing to Wang Lin; he was never one to care about such things. However, this would not only destroy his goal of becoming famous, but also make his name notorious across the celestial clan.

He would never allow such a thing to happen! Even if it was the Celestial Emperor, he was going to fight!

“15th palace, good. Since all of you think my limit is the 13th palace, then today I’m going to be thoroughly arrogant and show off. Celestial Emperor, for you to be despicable, I can see the shamelessness in your bloodline!

“No wonder the person sealed under the Dong Lin Pool would have resentment that still hadn’t dissipated after death. No wonder he would called Lian Yunjue despicable!” Wang Lin’s eyes became cold. He instantly rushed past the 13th palace and moved like a dragon toward the 14th palace.

At the 14th palace, when Wang Lin was about to enter, he stopped and looked down.

“Celestial Emperor, open your eyes and watch carefully for me!”

“Arrogant!” Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao roared as he stood before the Celestial Emperor. However, the Celestial Emperor remained the same and smiled.

“I’m waiting for you to pass the 15th palace!” However, his pupils shrank an undetectable amount.

Wang Lin sneered. Since all pretenses had been torn apart, he no longer needed to act polite. The more he acted like this, the more safe his trip to the imperial city would be after this affair was over.

He stepped into the 14th palace!

“The soul armor doesn’t have much time left. Since I want to shock everyone, I have to use the avatar formed by the law of the Immortal Astral Continent!! Avatar, use the soul as a guide and fuse!!” Wang Lin’s figure disappeared into the 14th palace.

After Wang Lin entered the 14th palace, the cultivators below all went silent. This change was no less sudden than when they learned that Wang Lin had used the soul armor to pass the 13th palace.

“Among the current Ascendant Empyreans, only Cai Wei and Ming Dao have passed the 14th palace… This Wang Lin is a mere cheater, it is impossible for him to pass!”

“The reason he is doing this is likely due to anger from shame. He is going to risk it all try attempt it.”

“Interesting. What has happened here was full of twists and turns. I wonder how the final twist will turn out.”

“No need to think about this - this person can’t pass it! His soul armor is out of time, what plan does he have to pass?”

The Empyrean Exalts coldly looked at the sky and felt contempt toward Wang Lin. As for the dozens of Ascendant Empyreans, they all looked at the sky with different thoughts. Most of them had decided that Wang Lin would fail and thought that what Wang Lin was acting like a trapped beast going insane.

Grand Empyrean Dao Yi looked at the sky and frowned. He also didn’t think Wang Lin could pass the 14th palace.

“Being pushed into desperation by the Celestial Emperor with only a few words shows that his heart is not determined enough. This child is not worth recruiting.”

Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao continued to sneer, as if this was the only expression he had. However, there was a hint of fear in his gaze as he looked at the sky. He didn’t know why, but he felt like there was something wrong.

Beside him, the Celestial Emperor was silently pondering. He was calm, but he hesitated a bit in his heart.

“From my understanding of him, he would rarely do something he is not confident in… However, passing the 14th palace without the soul armor is very difficult. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have chosen to leave before.

“He is just digging his own grave!”

However, just as the Celestial Emperor thought about this, it had only been a mere nine breaths. This was also when a dazzling, golden light erupted from the sky!!

This golden light came from the 14th palace. It penetrated the clouds and enveloped the area.

This golden light was extremely dazzling, enough to penetrate the eyes and hearts of the cultivators below!

“Nine breaths!! Impossible, he spent a long time in the 13th palace. How could he only take nine breaths to pass the even more difficult 14th palace!?”

“He… He… He actually passed it! Isn’t his soul armor unusable?! Doesn’t he only have fifth palace strength without the soul armor!?”

“Could have have another soul armor?”

Grand Empyrean Dao Yi was startled, and he flew into the sky to watch the golden light from the 14th palace close up!

“He actually passed the 14th palace!” Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao’s eyes were filled with killing intent as he stared at the sky.

“No problem, it’s only the 14th palace.” The Celestial Emperor looked at the sky and his pupils shrank once more. He then slowly closed his eyes.

In the sky, Wang Lin’s figure appeared outside the 14th palace. He didn’t pause to rest and flew straight for the 15th palace!

When he entered the 15th palace inside the golden light, a huge wave was set off among the people below.

“He went into the 15th palace right after passing through the 14th palace in nine breaths. Did we misunderstand him before?”

“Even with a soul armor, it is extremely shocking to reach the 15th palace!”

Grand Empyrean Dao Yi stared at the sky. He had given up on recruiting Wang Lin, but now the intent had returned.

One breath, two breaths, three breaths… After Wang Lin had been in the 15th palace for nine breaths, dazzling, golden light erupted from the 15th palace!

This golden light penetrated the clouds and rapidly spread out. The appearance of the golden light was like a huge slap on the Celestial Emperor’s face. This caused the Celestial Emperor to open his eyes and reveal a rare sign of shock.

Grand Empyrean Dao Yi took a deep breath and golden light shined from his eyes.

“This child, we all misunderstood him. He has even more terrifying potential than Ming Dao. Even the soul armor is just another power for him! If it was someone else with the same soul armor, who would dare to say they could pass the 15th palace?”

Grand Empyrean Wu Feng looked calm, but a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth and he didn’t hide the admiration in his eyes. He didn’t hesitate to go against the Celestial Emperor, because he was making a bet. Wang Lin would remember what he had done, and even if Wang Lin didn’t choose to follow him, they would have a good relationship if Wang Lin became a Grand Empyrean one day!

“15th palace… He passed the 15th palace…” Killing intent appeared in Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao’s eyes. His pride wouldn’t allow such a thing to happen. He rushed into the sky.

This was seen by everyone, and these cultivators suddenly cried out!

“Again, nine breaths to pass one palace. This Wang Lin is definitely not what we thought before!”

“This person has a powerful cultivation and is not someone we can comprehend. He was clearly hiding his strength and didn’t want to show off too much. If he had not been forced by the Celestial Emperor, he would not have attempted more!”

“Yes, there must be some unspeakable secret between him and the Celestial Emperor, which is why the Celestial Emperor attacked him so!”

Similar thoughts appeared among the Ascendant Empyreans as well. At this moment, they no longer felt contempt toward Wang Lin, only some complicated feelings, along with admiration!

No matter what method, passing the 15th palace meant strength!

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi looked at this from among the crowd and smiled as she looked at the sky. Although she knew that the gap between them had grown even wider, like now, where she could only look up at him, she still felt very happy.

Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao flying up caused this excitement to reach a new height. He flew straight into the sky, and the moment Wang Lin arrived before the 16th palace, the two of them stepped into the 16th palace at the same time!!

The Empyrean Trial was not limited to one person at a time. Both could enter at the same time and would not meet each other. They would each attempt it on their own!

The 16th palace hadn’t lit up in countless years. It was not like the 15th palace, which had lit up once before.

“Empyrean Ascendant Ming Dao and Wang Lin are both attempting the 16th palace at the same time. Who can pass?” Grand Empyrean Dao Yi looked at the sky and anticipation appeared in his heart.

After all, between the two, one had been famous for many years and one had just begun to rise up. Both of them attempting the 16th palace was a big deal for the celestial clan!

Wu Feng’s expression also became serious. Each layer of the Empyrean Trial was more difficult than the one before. Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao had attempted the 16th palace twice before and failed both times.

The Celestial Emperor was watching from the distance and was feeling extremely gloomy. The words he had just spoken had been blown away by Wang Lin and he had been hit in the face with an invisible slap. At this moment, coldness appeared in his eyes as he looked at the sky.

In a flash, nine breaths passed. Just as the 9th breath passed, the 16th palace that hadn’t lit up in countless years released a dazzling, golden light!!

“Golden light, this is the 16th palace!! The 16th palace has been passed!! Before today, no Ascendant Empyrean has passed the 16th palace!”

“Who is it? Among the two of them, which one passed?”

“Nine breaths, it must be Wang Lin!”

“Not necessarily. Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao has been famous for many years. If he was not confident, why would he attempt it? In my opinion, it is Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao this time!”

Dao Yi, Wu Feng, and the Celestial Emperor all looked over with serious expressions. They also wanted to know who it was!

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi looked at the sky nervously but soon revealed a joyous expression!

Outside the 16th palace, Wang Lin walked out. His face was slightly pale, but he didn’t immediately go to the 17th palace. He stood there, looking at the palace as if he was waiting for Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao!

This scene caused Dao Yi’s eyes to open wide. Wu Feng’s eyes were filled with shock. And as for the Celestial Emperor, his expression constantly changed, trying to hide his disbelief.

Forget them, even Grand Empyrean Jiu Di at Mount Emperor gasped.
