Chapter 1963

The Empyrean Exalts below were completely silent. All the changes today made it so they no longer cried out and instead stared at the blurry 16th palace and the blurry white figure next to it.

Wang Lin’s actions had completely reversed the disadvantageous situation from before. All the questions and doubts were swept away by absolute strength, leaving nothing behind.

Since the Celestial Emperor said that the soul armor and external forces were not perfect, then Wang Lin was going to tell everyone that the 13th palace was not his limit!

Wang Lin hadn’t opened his mouth once to explain when thousands of words questioned him. Instead, he passed the 14th palace, the 15th palace, and now the 16th palace that hadn’t been passed for countless years!!

This was more powerful and shocking than 10,000 excuses!

The entire Empyrean Trial was dead silent. Facing the countless gazes from below, Wang Lin remained silent and showed no emotion. His eyes were closed as he stood inside the golden light. It was as if he was cultivating and waiting for Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao.

This scene gave him the aura of a grand master, and all the cultivators who saw him felt respect in their hearts.

Time passed breath by breath… In a flash, more than one incense stick of time passed. Wang Lin was the only one outside the 16th palace, and there was no sign of Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao.

After another half an incense stick of time, the 16th palace that was shrouded in golden light released more golden light. Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao emerged this golden light with a laugh.

This laughter contained his excitement. He had been waiting for so many years for this day, and now he had finally passed the 16th palace! He appeared before Wang Lin, revealing his black-robed figure.

“The 16th palace. Today, I, Ming Dao, have passed the 16th palace!! Which Ascendant Empyrean in the Celestial Clan dares to compete with me!? I have to thank you, who are good at deceiving. If not…”

Before he finished speaking, he suddenly stopped because everything was too quiet. There was no burst of cheers and cries after he passed the 16th palace, but instead complicated gazes from the cultivators below.

Wang Lin slowly said, “You’re too slow.

“You… You passed the 16th palace?” Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao’s face immediately turned pale. He stared at Wang Lin and powerful killing intent appeared in his eyes. He would never allow someone else be stronger than him. He couldn’t do much against Grand Empyreans, but he had to be number one among Ascendant Empyreans!

But now the cheers and fame he should have obtained from passing the 16th palace had been snatched by Wang Lin. Looking at Wang Lin, he must have taken much less time to pass the 16th palace.

This caused Ming Dao to be filled with anger from embarrassment. His prideful heart would not allow such a thing!

“Do you want to try again?” Wang Lin was still calm as he looked at Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao, whose expression was constantly changing. The more he acted like he didn’t care, the more unacceptable it was for Ming Dao. He stared at Wang Lin, and it looked like his eyes were about to spew fire.

“With a personality like this, how did he reach his current cultivation level? Perhaps it has to do with his arrogance. The more he loses, the more it stimulates him. This allowed him to comprehend a distorted sort of life as he suffered the pain of being surpassed.

“Like a bow, the more it bends, the stronger the potential power when it erupts, but… no matter how strong the bow is, I’ll make it fold!” Wang Lin looked at Ming Dao. He hadn’t forgotten the humiliation Ming Dao had brought upon him. Ming Dao had been very vicious, and Wang Lin would not let him go.

What’s more, this Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao was the person the Celestial Emperor valued the most. Destroying him would be a powerful blow to the Celestial Emperor’s words about talent!

To destroy Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao, he would have to completely destroy his confidence. He would have to make Ming Dao attempt the 17th palace with him and then trample him once more - make Ming Dao collapse and be forever under Wang Lin’s pressure.

Like a bow, the more it bent, the stronger the potential power. But once it went beyond its limit, there would be no potential left, as it would be broken! Wang Lin was merciless and decisive. He was going to take this opportunity to destroy Ming Dao’s heart!

“Since all pretense is torn, let’s tear it even wider!” Wang Lin sneered in his heart as he looked at Ascendent Empyrean Ming Dao with contempt in his eyes.

This gaze of contempt caused Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao to clench his fist.

The Celestial Emperor below no longer looked gloomy. He calmly said, “Ming Dao, return to the imperial palace with me!” After that, he looked at Wang Lin with admiration in his eyes.

“Good, my celestial clan has one more powerful cultivator. Wang Lin, this emperor misunderstood you before. Once I return to the imperial city, I’ll immediately send out an edict and announce this to the world!

“And you and I still have an agreement. This emperor has invited you to the imperial city, and it has now been many years. Now that you have become an Ascendant Empyrean, it would be the perfect time. All Ascendant Empyreans are titled by the imperial family. Come to the imperial city for this grand ceremony and this emperor will personally carry it out for you!” The Celestial Emperor smiled as if none of the anger from before existed. His smile was like a spring breeze that affected all the surrounding cultivators. They all bowed and clasped their hands.

Wang Lin remained calm and slowly said, “I’ll be troubling the Celestial Emperor.”

“No problem. Ming Dao, are you still not leaving!?” The Celestial Emperor smiled and suddenly looked at Ming Dao, who was struggling in the sky, before letting out a roar. This roar echoed in Ming Dao’s mind like thunder and his heart skipped a beat. Then all of Ming Dao’s anger suddenly disappeared and he was calm again. He stood there, looking at Wang Lin, and no trace of anger remained.

He looked at Wang Lin profoundly and then flew down.

Wang Lin frowned. This Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao was able to suppress all that rage and even his unbearable pride. If he let this person go, he would likely have a breakthrough with his special dao!

Wang Lin didn’t care about the angry Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao, but when Ming Dao suddenly calmed down, Wang Lin felt a trace of danger.

“Are you not going to keep going?” Wang Lin’s expression remained the same and his voice was cold.

The Celestial Emperor frowned slightly when he heard this. Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao acted like he didn’t hear it and walked toward the Celestial Emperor.

“So this is Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao. What a disappointment! Doesn’t even have the courage to attempt the 17th palace.” Wang Lin had a strange feeling when Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao didn’t even turn around. Perhaps it wasn’t by accident that this person had become number one among Ascendant Empyreans.

If this was true, Wang Lin had to destroy his mind right here!

“Wang Lin, what is your intent?” The Celestial Emperor’s gaze revealed pressure and he looked at Wang Lin.

Empyrean Ascendant Ming Dao pondered for a moment and closed his eyes as if he was struggling. However, this only lasted for one breath. He calmed down immediately afterward and silently walked toward the Celestial Emperor.

“I just want him to try the 17th palace. Once he fails, he can leave.” Wang Lin smiled and his laughter echoed in Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao’s ears, stabbing at his heart.

This was what he had said to Wang Lin!

His breathing became rough and he stopped once more. His self-esteem wouldn’t allow him to bear this, but at this moment, the Celestial Emperor waved his sleeve. A soft breeze wrapped around Ming Dao and threw him toward the ancient transfer array.

“Go back to the imperial palace!”

Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao suppressed the urge to turn around and his eyes were bloodshot. The force from the Celestial Emperor had pushed him into the ancient transfer array and it began activating.

There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes. He could not let Ming Dao leave like this! The moment the transfer array activated, he raised his right hand and pointed at the ancient transfer array!

With this, 99 afterimages appeared and condensed to form a giant finger that flew toward the ancient transfer array.

The Celestial Emperor was angry and was about to attack, but at this moment, Grand Empyrean Wu Feng laughed. He casually took a step forward, but this step caused the Celestial Emperor to pause.

Both of them were Grand Empyreans, and at this moment, their auras were locked. If he moved, Wu Feng would act as well. With such a delay, the finger closed in on the transfer array!

Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao looked up and let out a roar. He was in the middle of being transfered, so he couldn’t attack. He clenched his teeth and stepped out from the transfer array. The moment he walked out, the giant finger before him dissipated, as if mocking him!

This was exactly the same as what Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao had done to Wang Lin!

“Wang Lin!!!” Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao walked out from the transfer array and stared at Wang Lin. The anger and humiliation he had suppressed were about to erupt.

“Wang Lin, you have guts. You have the courage to violate the rules here. Today, don’t blame this emperor!” The Celestial Emperor obviously didn’t think Wang Lin would dare to attack.

“Oh? Did I hurt anyone? Is he injured? Since there is no injury, how did I violate any rules?” Wang Lin smiled and countered with the same words the Celestial Emperor had used!

The Celestial Emperor was about to speak, but Wang Lin was even faster. He looked at Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao, who was trying to suppress his anger, and his voice echoed across the Empyrean Trial.

“It looks like you no longer have any pride and have given up your self-esteem. I was wondering why you were in a rush to leave and not attempt the 17th palace. I fear that not only did you give up your self-esteem, but also lost your faith as well. You are just a walking body that listens to every command from the Celestial Emperor. He tells you to leave and you won’t dare to not immediately leave.

“Forget it, a cultivator like you is not qualified for me to look at anymore. Scram!” Wang Lin waved his sleeve and he didn’t hold back the contempt in his eyes. His gaze stabbed into Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao’s mind.

“What a disappointment!” This last sentence made it so Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao could no longer suppress it anymore. His body trembled as he let out a roar and charged into the sky.

“Wang Lin, both of us will attempt the 17th palace!!!”

“Good!” Wang Lin laughed and stepped into the 17th palace at the same time as Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao!

The Celestial Emperor was about to stop them, but he was stopped by Wu Feng.

“Lian Daozhen, there is no need for us to interfere with a competition between Ascendant Empyreans.”
