Chapter 1964

When they were outside the 17th palace, Wang Lin slowly said, “Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao, wait for me outside. Don’t leave by yourself before I come out.”

His words were extremely vicious. Not only had he pointed out that Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao couldn’t pass this palace, but he had also sealed his escape. If Ming Dao failed and left, then this would leave behind an inner demon in Ming Dao’s heart!

But if he really left and waited, then although there wouldn’t be an inner demon, he would suffer a major blow if Wang Lin really passed. This blow would be the equivalent of a bow breaking!

After Wang Lin said this, the two disappeared into the 17th palace.

The Empyrean Exalts could not hear this and the Ascendant Empyreans were too far away to hear it clearly, but the three Grand Empyreans heard it clearly!

Grand Empyrean Dao Yi’s eyes narrowed as if it was the first time he had met Wang Lin. He looked at the 17th palace with a serious expression.

“This Wang Lin is very cunning!”

Grand Empyrean Wu Feng’s eyes also lit up as he looked at the sky, and he gradually smiled.

“It looks like he is determined to destroy Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao!”

As for the Celestial Emperor, his expression was extremely gloomy. He waved his sleeve as if he was unwilling to keep watching. His shadow around the Empyrean Exalt gradually disappeared and he left the Empyrean Trial.

In the imperial palace in the imperial city, a cold laughter echoed through the palace!

Also, at the Central Continent, Grand Empyrean Jiu Di had stood up as he looked at the autumn leaf with a serious expression. His eyes revealed a strange light.

“What a character!! Not only is his enlightenment in dao high and combat power extraordinary, he is also very cunning… Good, good, this child is not worthless, but a seedling even better than Ming Dao…”

In the Empyrean Trial, after Wang Lin and Ming Dao entered the 17th palace, three breaths passed when a figure coughing out blood mist was thrown out.

This figure was pushed back thousands of feet before stopping. It was the black-robed Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao. His face was pale, and after he stopped, he coughed out another mouthful of blood. His body trembled, as if he could not remain steady.

The light in his eyes had dissipated, as if he had lost all vitality. He stared at the 17th palace a few thousand feet away and was silent.

He had failed.

The moment he entered, he failed and was seriously injured as he was pushed out. He didn’t look down, but he could feel the gazes of the cultivators below cutting bloody wounds on his body.

Time passed. The fourth breath, fifth breath, sixth breath… Until half an incense stick of time passed.

Empyrean Ascendant Ming Dao endured this whole time and looked at the 17th palace. He was waiting for Wang Lin to get pushed out.

The more time passed, the stronger his expectation became. In the end, this reached a peak and became his only faith!

“If I didn’t succeed, then he definitely can’t succeed! If he doesn’t pass, I didn’t lose!” This wait was enough to kill any cultivator. Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao’s hair was a mess and his eyes were bloodshot as he stared at the 17th palace.

Time passed once more. Half an incense stick, one incense stick… Soon, half an hour passed!

Wang Lin had never been inside a palace for so long, but he was in the 17th palace now. The half hour of time allowed Ming Dao’s faith to rise, as if he had regained hope.

“The longer it takes, the more difficult it becomes for him, and the chance of him succeeding decreases. This Wang Lin won’t succeed, he can’t succeed!!!” All of Ming Dao’s energy was condensed in his eyes as he looked at the bleak 17th palace.

His fragile hope was the last barrier of his pride. If this was broken, his mind would collapse and sink into the despair of being completely suppressed.

“He won’t succeed, he won’t succeed!!!”

Too much time had passed. All the silent cultivators below were surprised and began to speculate.

Grand Empyrean Dao Yi also frowned. He looked at the 17th palace and hesitation appeared in his heart. In this short day, he had changed his mind several times. This kind of thing should not happen with him, but it did.

“The Empyrean Trial only has 19 palaces and he passed the 16th palace. Even if doesn’t pass the 17th palace, this is enough to show his power… But once he passes the 17th palace, then… I fear even Grand Empyrean Jiu Di will come to compete for him!

“People like him only come by once every tens of thousands of years! Also, this Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao has suffered continual blows from Wang Lin. If he can raise up again, it’ll be fine, but if he can’t, then… his dao heart will be done for.”

Grand Empyrean Wu Feng also had a complicated expression as he looked at the 17th palace, but unlike Dao Yi, he still had some confidence.

“I have helped him before. This help can be considered big or small, but even when he was being suppressed, I still helped him… As a result, he will definitely choose me!

“That Dao Yi is hesitating. This is related to his personality. That kind of personality can only attract the weak. People with real strength have their own pride, so unless we show grace, how could they be willing to follow us?

“However, if this Wang Lin really passes through the 17th palace, it will be very difficult even for me to recruit him… If there are no accidents, he will have an 80% chance of becoming a Grand Empyrean in the future!”

The imperial palace in the imperial capital was dead silent and was covered in a powerful pressure filled with endless anger. In the palace, the Celestial Emperor was sitting on the dragon throne, looking at the pale-faced Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao. There was a strange light in his eyes.

“I really should have listened to the Imperial Teacher and killed this Wang Lin! But I thought that with my status as a Grand Empyrean, whether it was acting on my own or sending someone else, I shouldn’t make a big deal out of a small problem… I gave him the opportunity to grow, I thought everything was in my grasp!

“No matter how much he grows, once he comes to the imperial city, I will find an excuse to capture him and send him to the Imperial Teacher.

“But I didn’t expect to grow to this state, enough to attract the attention of the other Grand Empyreans… He even had to destroy Ming Dao, who I have paid a great price to recruit…” The Celestial Emperor looked at the illusion as he muttered to himself, but his mouth revealed a faint smile that didn’t match his words.

“If he passes the 17th palace, he will surely attract the attention of that old follow Jiu Di. Once he is recruited by Jiu Di…” The Celestial Emperor closed his eyes.

“It’s been so long already, perhaps he won’t pass!

“But… I hope he passes… And gives Ming Dao a merciless blow…” The Celestial Emperor opened his eyes and the strange smile on his face grew even stronger.

“Ming Dao, you can’t let this emperor down. This king has done so much for you… Even allowed this Wang Lin to grow…”

Central Continent, Mount Emperor. Jiu Di was looking at the autumn leaf before him intently. While pondering, he saw a problem that the other Grand Empyreans seemed to ignore.

“If he passes the 17th palace, not only will he become famous, but more importantly… his combat power will be revealed. With that kind of combat power, he will be number one under Grand Empyreans in the celestial clan… Even if a Grand Empyrean acts against him, he might be able to escape...

“How much would it cost to recruit such a person? I’d prefer it if he didn’t pass the 17th palace.” Jiu Di pondered and, for the first time, looked at the autumn leaf with a complicated expression.

In the Empyrean Trial, as everyone watched the 17th palace, some had expectations and some hoped Wang Lin would fail after another incense stick of time passed.

After such a long time without any change, Ming Dao’s face was no longer pale and was filled with hope and confidence. However, just as his hope reached its peak and he was about to recover, his whole body trembled violently as if he was hit by lightning.

Because he saw dazzling, golden light erupt from the 17th palace!!!

This golden light spread out like crazy and filled everyone’s eyes. A white figure walked out from the golden light. His white hair became golden under the golden light.

Wang Lin walked out and didn’t even look at Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao. As everyone watched, he walked past Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao, who had completely collapsed after that little rise of hope.

Total disregard!

He didn’t attempt the 18th palace but sank step by step. He stopped before Grand Empyrean Dao Yi and Wu Feng and clasped his hands at them. He looked at Wu Feng before flying to the ancient transfer array and leaving.

As he left, he looked at Hai Zi among the crowd with a smile and nodded.

Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao coughed out a mouthful of blood as he muttered, “He… passed the 17th palace…” This blood mist was also formed by origin essence. After all, he wasn’t here with his physical body.

As the blood-like origin essence dissipated, Ming Dao looked like he had lost all vitality. His pride had collapsed.

His dao had been mercilessly destroyed by Wang Lin. He silently departed with a miserable smile.

But at this moment, no one cared about Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao. After Wang Lin left, an unprecedented uproar echoed across the Empyrean Trial!!

“Number one under Grand Empyreans! Wang Lin!!”

“Today, the ranking of Ascendant Empyreans changed. This Wang Lin shocked everyone instantly!”

“From now on, my celestial clan will have one more supreme cultivator!! Number one Ascendant Empyrean, the strongest under Grand Empyreans!!”

“He can even be considered the sixth sun of my celestial clan! The cultivator most likely to become a Grand Empyrean!”
