Chapter 1965

Wang Lin left, but an even bigger buzz was set off here at the Empyrean Trial. Wang Lin breaking through the trials caused everyone to become very excited and feel differently.

However, they all remembered the name “Wang Lin,” the name that replaced Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao as the number one below Grand Empyreans!

White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean!

Everything related to the soul armor was silently buried in the bottom of their hearts. No one mentioned it anymore and they also understood that even if they had a soul armor, they couldn’t pass the 17th palace!

What Wang Lin had done set off a huge wave of people attempting the trial. After witnessing Wang Lin, many cultivators attempted the trials.

Grand Empyrean Dao Yi silently looked at the departing Wang Lin. There was a flash of light in his eyes and he left. He wanted to immediately find Wang Lin. No matter how great the price, he was going to recruit Wang Lin!

Wu Feng let out a sigh. After Wang Lin passed through the 17th palace, he knew recruiting Wang Lin would be even more difficult than Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao!

“Fortunately, I formed a good relationship with him. Even if I fail, my relationship with him will be a lot better than the other Grand Empyreans.” Wu Feng pondered and then disappeared.

In the imperial palace, there was a thunderous rumble. The dragon throne was turned to dust by the Celestial Emperor.

Beside him, Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao opened his eyes. His eyes were without spirit and he silently lowered his head.

“Ming Dao, I will give you the opportunity to head to the Celestial Ancestor’s closed door cultivation area. Whether you can wash away the humiliation depends on you! That Wang Lin should come to the imperial city. If you can kill him, you are still number one among Ascendant Empyreans!”

This time, Ming Dao didn’t hesitate like before and silently nodded.

Central Continent, top of Mount Emperor. Grand Empyrean Jiu Di stood on top of the mountain and withdrew his gaze from the autumn leaf. After a long time, he opened his eyes and revealed a hint of light.

“I wasn’t able to recruit Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao, and now he has a grudge against the Celestial Emperor. I want to see who can compete with me!” Grand Empyrean Jiu Di turned as he looked at Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi, who was slowly opening her eyes, and laughed.

“Hai Zi, follow Teacher. Teacher will accept this Wang Lin as my disciple and make him your senior brother. How about it?”

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was startled and was filled with joy.

Eastern Continent, in the Purple Yang Sect. The middle aged man’s eyes lit up and he continued to mutter.

“The 17th palace, this person actually passed the 17th palace. This person will definitely be fought over by the other Grand Empyreans!! Little Ancestor, you must divinate his location, we must quickly find him!”

The two little girls beside him blinked and immediately stood up. The three of them turned into a gust of wind and disappeared. However, just as they disappeared, a small hand appeared beside the joyous Greed.

“Ah, I forgot to bring Little Wolf. Little Wolf, don’t worry, we wouldn’t forget you. Your performance before was good, so come with us.”

Tears flowed out from Greed’s eyes as his neck was grabbed by the little hand and he disappeared from the stone room.

At the Grand Sage Continent, Wang Lin’s body had been sitting inside the cave while he was in the Empyrean Trial. The sea dragon had shrunken a lot as it lazily lied there. Liu Jinbiao was jumping around the sea dragon’s body. Sometimes he gently touched some spots and other times he scratched other spots as if there was an itch.

The sea dragon squinted its eyes as if it was very comfortable. It would even let out a few snorts as it twisted its body.

“Hehe, how is it? Comfortable? Your family’s grandpa Jin learned this back in the cave world from a clan that specialized in breeding ferocious beasts. It’s a set of massage techniques that, if used everyday, will accelerate your blood flow and give you the pleasure of feeling like your floating in the clouds! Endure, endure. Don’t move, it’s not finished yet!

“If you can’t endure, I won’t do it for you anymore!” Liu Jinbiao was covered in sweat, but he didn’t feel tired. He continued for a long time before he lied down, gasping for air.

“Damn it, I’m tired to death. We are both sea dragons. I finished doing it for you, now it's your turn!” Liu Jinbiao looked at the sea dragon.

“I’m really a sea dragon. Didn’t I tell you before, I was in an ancient place and was inflected with a spell that turned me into a person.”

The sea dragon looked at Liu Jinbiao with hesitation and twisted its body as if it was reluctant. Seeing the sea dragon like this, Liu Jinbiao’s eyes widened and he became filled with anger.

“Hey, are you going to talk reason, or not? I’m telling you now, if you don’t do this, I’m not going to give you any more massages! This is a mutual exchange, you know! I can tell you, there is another guy following Master named Xu Liguo. He is very vicious, and if you don’t cooperate, you will have to be careful once he gets here.” Liu Jinbiao’s eyes were filled with dread as he spoke to the sea dragon.

The sea dragon hesitated for a while and was filled with anger. During this time, Liu Jinbiao somehow instilled the fact that Xu Liguo was this terrible person who especially liked to bully sea dragons. Just the thought of Xu Liguo, someone who it had never met before, would make it very unhappy.

After a long time, it opened its mouth and let out a mouthful of origin essence. Liu Jinbiao immediately began to absorb it. His eyes were filled with hidden pride as he began to cultivate.

“Hmph hmph, it is still I, Jin Biaozi, who is stronger. This sea dragon is so dumb and easy to cheat. With its help, I can easily increase my cultivation level, then I have slowly train it to glare at Little Xu. Soon, even without me, the sea dragon will suppress him. Haha, just you wait, Little Xu!!”

While Liu Jinbiao was feeling proud, Wang Lin opened his eyes and they lit up. However, when he saw Liu Jinbiao and the sea dragon, he was startled for a moment.

Wang Lin frowned. He saw that the sea dragon was willing, so he ignored it.

After a long time, the sea dragon finished letting out the breath and lazily laid there.

After Liu Jinbiao finished cultivating and completely absorbed the origin essence from the sea dragon, Wang Lin stood up and glanced at him.

“Don’t make a fuss, it’s time to leave.”

When Wang Lin glanced at him, Liu Jinbiao felt like all his thoughts were exposed. He blinked as he revealed an embarrassed expression and quickly stood up.

“Master is done? Yes, yes, we will go wherever you say. This… When will we go find Xu Liguo?”

The sea dragon was getting up, but when it heard the name “Xu Liguo,” anger appeared in its eyes. It remembered the name “Xu Liguo” and felt deep hatred for this fellow that specialized in bullying sea dragons.

“Guests are coming. We will soon head to the Central Continent. As for finding Xu Liguo, it will all depend on fate.” Wang Lin waved his sleeve and put Liu Jinbiao and the sea dragon away. He walked out of the cave and appeared at the top of the mountain. He stood there, facing the mountain wind as his white clothes fluttered.

“Who will be the first to arrive…” Wang Lin muttered. He wanted to shock everyone just for this moment!

While Liu Jinbiao was teaching the sea dragon to be angry at Xu Liguo, far away, in the imperial city at the Central Continent, there was a person in blue. He had the face of a villain and he suddenly sneezed.

The imperial city was the center of the celestial clan, and it covered a large area. It was almost the size of an entire continent. Such an extraordinary city would be impossible for mortals to build unless countless people spent tens of thousands of years building it.

This city was so large, it was endless and could be easily compared to a continent!

In the eastern part of the city, in a rather busy street, there was a young man in a flower shirt. This young man walked in big strides and wore a proud expression. He was being followed by more than a dozen guards. Each guard was a third step cultivator, and the purple-robed guard was actually a Golden Exalt!!

These guards were all male, and they silently followed behind.

Beside the young man were two others. One of them was a teenager. He had an arrogant look and wore blue, but he walked differently than others, as if he was holding something between his legs.

The other was a young man in red who looked like someone with ambition, and at this moment, he sneezed seven or eight times in a row.

“Yo, Lord Xu, did you get sick from yesterday’s cold wind for us to hear you sneezing?” the haughty teenager said, his voice extremely sharp.

“Bah, you little fellow who is not male or female, your Grandpa Xu went out to have fun last night. What, do you want to come with me? Come, let us go tonight.” The young man had a ferocious gaze.

“Hmph, you shameless thief!” The teenager rolled his eyes.

“I’m shameless? Your Grandpa Xu is shameless? You better be careful tonight. I’m going to your room tonight and then I’ll be shameless. Hehe, you better be careful.” The youth named Xu smiled with bad intent as he looked at the teenager.

“Don’t quarrel. The two of you are so noisy, quarrelling endlessly. Little Red, you kick the door. Let that old Li family know how strong this king is. Damn it, to dare bully me!!

“And you, Little Qing, remember, if things go bad, crush the jade to get my big brother to teach them a lesson!” The young man in the flower shirt in front snorted and pointed at the giant mansion ahead.

The mansion was very large, and from a distance, it gave off a powerful pressure. The door was closed and there was no guard. On the door was a green plaque with a red background and two golden words written on it!

Li Mansion

These two words gave off a shocking sword auras that filled the world.

“Good!!” The youth named Xu became spirited, as if he loved doing this kind of thing. He rushed toward the door to give it a kick.

There was a bang, but the door didn’t move at all. However, the youth named Xu didn’t care at all, as if he knew it would be like this.

“People of the Li Mansion, listen well: your Grandpa Xu is here. Open the door and welcome your guest!!”

The young man in the flower shirt laughed after hearing this. He looked very excited and spoke to the young man in blue beside him.

“Do you see, do you see? Learn a little, this is why this king values this Xu. ‘Welcome your guests,’ what a good line!”
