Chapter 1966

Eastern Continent, Great Sage Continent.

Wang Lin was silently standing on top of an ordinary-looking mountain on this continent. He had his hands behind his back as he looked up at the blue sky and white clouds. The wind blew by, causing the corners of his clothes to flutter, but it wasn’t able to make his white hair move at all.

His eyes were like stars, giving off a sense of profound depth. He stood there like an evergreen pine.

This mountain was not tall and was filled with trees. The wind caused the leaves to rustle, creating a wonderful song.

Wang Lin looked calm while standing at the top of the mountain. He didn’t feel pride for passing the 17th palace or arrogant that Grand Empyreans would be coming to recruit him. Just like in the cave world, he silently looked at the sky.

After an unknown amount of time, when the sun was setting, Wang Lin stood there and the sky suddenly changed. The white clouds covered by the darkness appeared once more and the sun appeared in the dark sky!

The sun appeared out of thin air and emitted a dazzling light that made the earth look like day. Endless heat came from the sun, as if Wang Lin was extremely close to it, and a figure slowly walked out from the sun.

A daoist robe and a head of black hair. This person looked just like a young man who was rather handsome. Grand Empyrean Dao Yi was the first to appear before Wang Lin!

When Dao Yi appeared, everything froze. The wind stopped, the trees stopped, everything stopped. Even Wang Lin’s clothes seemed to stop.

It was as if this world was frozen by an invisible force!

The only thing that could move was Grand Empyrean Dao Yi, who stepped out of the sun. He floated in the air 100 feet away from Wang Lin and looked down at him.

Just as he looked at Wang Lin, the void around Wang Lin crackled. This sound appeared suddenly and caused Grand Empyrean Dao Yi’s eyes to light up.

Countless cracks appeared in the void around Wang Lin, making it look like he was frozen and the ice was collapsing.

A few moments later, Wang Lin’s frozen clothes began to move where there was no wind. He raised his head and looked at Grand Empyrean Dao Yi!

This scene caused a flash of golden light to shine in Grand Empyrean Dao Yi’s eyes. He didn’t expect Wang Lin to recover so quickly from his pressure that could freeze anything in the world.

It has to be said that he was here with his true body. It was not a divine sense or avatar, but his original body!

“Indeed worthy of being the number one Ascendant Empyrean who passed the 17th palace! To be able to recover under my pressure is enough for you to qualify as the strongest under Grand Empyreans!

“Wang Lin, follow this lord. This lord once promised you back then that if I don’t die, you won’t die!” Grand Empyrean Dao Yi smiled. He seemed to have forgotten how he had given up on recruiting Wang Lin back at the Empyrean Trial.

Wang Lin silently pondered and clasped his hands at Grand Empyrean Dao Yi.

Grand Empyrean Dao Yi frowned slightly but soon loosened his brows. He looked at Wang Lin and began to speak. His voice was not loud and didn’t echo, but each word seemed to contain law and made the world tremble.

“This is a treasure this lord personally refined!” Grand Empyrean Dao Yi said, then he raised his right hand. A ring appeared on his right index finger and then it flew into the air, forming a halo about 30 feet wide.

“I used materials from the Immemorial God Realm to create this ring, and it took me 100,000 years to refine. Its appearance is an imitation of a treasure from the Celestial Ancestor. Even if it was me, it would take a lot of effort to break!”

Wang Lin looked at the 30 foot halo and his eyes shined. This ring was extraordinary, Wang Lin couldn’t see through it at all. It was as if it didn’t belong to this world and was an illusion. The pressure it gave off made Wang Lin feel the illusion that he was facing a Grand Empyrean.

When Grand Empyrean Dao Yi noticed the light in Wang Lin’s eyes, he waved his left hand. A piece of green bamboo appeared in his hand. The bamboo’s color was bright and it emitted a fragrance.

“This piece of bamboo is a heavenly treasure. Once you fuse it with your body, your essences will evolve, and it also contains this lord’s dao! If you can comprehend it, if you don’t become a Grand Empyrean, you will be infinitely close!”

The moment the green bamboo appeared, Wang Lin’s eyes became serious. Just by smelling the fragrance, the essences in his body seemed to become stronger. This item seemed to be more helpful toward essences than anything else.

If Wang Lin could fuse with it, it would benefit him greatly!

Grand Empyrean Dao Yi had been paying close attention to Wang Lin and smiled. His understanding of Wang Lin was that this person liked foreign treasures and such. These things held a strong attraction toward Wang Lin, so he had come with the intention of luring Wang Lin with treasures!

Moreover, these two treasures were nothing to him, and it would be extremely cost-effective to exchange them to recruit Wang Lin. However, he knew that Wang Lin was no ordinary cultivator and that he wasn’t the only Grand Empyrean coming to recruit Wang Lin. If he didn’t take out some real treasures, he would likely be suppressed by the other Grand Empyreans once they arrived.

“In addition to these two treasures, there is one more!” When Grand Empyrean Dao Yi spoke, even he felt his heart ache. This could be said to be a real treasure, and not even he had completely understood it.

With a wave of sleeve, a giant vortex appeared before him and a fist-sized skull slowly flew out. The skull was surrounded by a layer of light, and the moment it appeared, a shocking amount of death aura spread out.

This death aura swept the world and the world that was frozen due to Dao Yi’s pressure collapsed. The moment everything regained their movement, they were contaminated by this death aura.

This skull didn’t look like that of an adult, but that of a baby!

“This didn’t come from the Immemorial God Realm, but a long time ago, when I left the Immortal Astral Continent, I found it on a ruined continent.

“When it was taken by me, the continent disappeared… This item contains a trace of power I don’t understand, but I have a vague feeling that if I can absorb this power, perhaps I can break the limitation of Grand Empyreans to become an existence like the Celestial Ancestor...

“Perhaps I only had the fate of encountering it but not comprehending it. It has been in my hands for a long time… If you follow me, I’ll give it to you!” Grand Empyrean Dao Yi revealed a decisive gaze. He was indeed willing to pay a certain price to recruit Wang Lin.

Wang Lin looked at the baby's skull. He could not see through the skull, but it brought about an indescribable feeling. It gave him a sense of familiarity. He felt like it had been forgotten by his soul, but he could not remember when he had seen it.

Wang Lin struggled, and after a long time, he spoke.

“Many thanks, Grand Empyrean Dao Yi, but let me consider this matter!”

Grand Empyrean Dao Yi’s brow wrinkled as he looked at Wang Lin and slowly nodded.

“That’s fine. With your strength, there must be other Grand Empyreans recruiting you beside me. It is normal to consider it a bit.”

Just as Grand Empyrean Dao Yi spoke, a roar came from outside the world shrouded by the death aura. The roar was like thunder and the surrounding death aura began to churn.

Ripples echoed in the sky and a person walked out!

This person was tall and bald. He wore a rough shirt and stepped forward. Each step created a thunderous rumble, as if no force in the world could stop him.

After he walked seven steps, the world seemed to collapse and everything retreated. The death aura was pushed back as if it didn’t dare to block him at all. The bald man gave off the overbearing aura of a battle celestial as he closed in.

After seven steps, he was standing beside Wang Lin. Unlike, Dao Yi, floating in the sky, this burly man was standing on the mountaintop like Wang Lin.

“Greetings, Grand Empyrean Wu Feng. Thank you, Grand Empyrean Wu Feng, for your help at the Empyrean Trial, I’ll remember it.” Wang Lin clasped his hands at the bald man.

Grand Empyrean Wu Feng laughed. His voice was like thunder and the sky trembled.

“Nothing to it. I already don’t like that Celestial Emperor and was merely speaking my mind.” This was another difference between him and Dao Yi. Whenever Dao Yi spoke, he always referred to himself with honor, whereas Wu Feng seemed much more relaxed.

“You must have guessed the reason I came here. Let’s not talk about conditions, I have a good jug of wine here that I normally don’t give others. Do you want a drink?” Grand Empyrean Wu Feng waved his right hand and a green gourd appeared in his grasp as he smiled at Wang Lin.

Wang Lin smiled and reached out at the void. The gourd flew toward him and he drank a big mouthful.

“Good. Whether or not you end up under me, you can come to the northern glacier at any time!” Wu Feng looked at Wang Lin and smiled. At this moment, he raised his head to look at Dao Yi.

“Dao Yi, if more than one Grand Empyrean wants to recruit an Ascendant Empyrean, according to the agreement, you only have the opportunity to give your condition once. Have you finished?” As he spoke, he looked at the three treasures. He ignored the ring and green bamboo - his gaze only narrowed a bit on the skull.

“That’s all? If this is all you’re taking out, then I’ll give my offer.”

As Wu Feng spoke, he looked at Dao Yi.

After Wang Lin heard this, his heart moved. It was rare for multiple Grand Empyreans to recruit one person, Wu Feng to pointing this out to Dao Yi meant that he had his own intent.

“Is he going to help me…” Wang Lin looked at Wu Feng.
