Chapter 1967

Grand Empyrean Dao Yi let out a cold snort. With his cunning, he naturally saw the meaning of Wu Feng’s words. However, he was unwilling to give up like this.

“I came too early… I should have came a bit later… I could have had a better judgement of the situation after the others revealed their terms.” The reason Dao Yi had come first was because he was the first to attempt to recruit Wang Lin. He felt that Wang Lin cared about treasures a lot, so he wanted to come early and shock Wang Lin right away. At this moment, his clothes began to flutter and then calmed down. He slowly opened his hand and a colorful crystal floated in his palm.

However, he didn’t expect Wu Feng to say such words.

“Of course I’m not finished. This lord hasn’t taken out the last item!” Dao Yi revealed a decisive gaze and raised his right hand. He mercilessly formed a fist.

“Wang Lin, this item was formed by my dao intent. If you die, this lord will be injured, and if I’m injured, you won’t be affected. This will only have an effect on me.

“With this, anyone who dares to attack you will be my enemy!” Grand Empyrean Dao Yi’s heart ached. This was his bottom line and he hoped to not have to take it out. However, Wu Feng’s words had forced him to take out his biggest ace!

When it appeared, Wu Feng’s eyes narrowed. He looked at Dao Yi and then at Wang Lin.

“Grand Empyreans rarely take out such dao crystals, and it can ensure your safety, but I recommend you wait for Grand Empyrean Jiu Di.”

“Wu Feng!! Could it be that you feel it’s hopeless to try to recruit him!? Are you doing this to build a good relationship with him!?” Grand Empyrean Dao Yi roared.

“So what if I am?” Grand Empyrean Wu Feng laughed. He was indeed thinking of this. If Wang Lin followed him, he would treat Wang Lin sincerely. If Wang Lin didn’t, then his help would create a good relationship between them. It was two birds with one stone, good for both sides.

“Then I wonder what you will take out!” Dao Yi was very depressed, but his status among Grand Empyreans was equal to Wu Feng’s, so if Wu Feng was set on this, he couldn’t say too much.

“I don’t have as many benefits to give as you do, and my luck at the Immemorial God Realm isn’t as good as yours.” Wu Feng was calm as he spoke. He looked at Wang Lin in the eye, and his eyes were clear and sincere.

“But if you follow me, you will not be under me. I’ll take you as a disciple for my teacher! Our cultivation levels are different, but our statuses will be the same!

“What’s mine is yours! This is the only thing I can give you.” Wu Feng looked at Wang Lin. He attached great importance to such a person. He felt that Wang Lin had a high chance of becoming a Grand Empyrean, and such a person was worth this kind of commitment.

Wu Feng’s words startled Grand Empyrean Dao Yi, and he remained silent. Such a condition was indeed much better than the treasures he had offered.

“This Wu Feng is a reckless person. Although this child is excellent, he is not worth this kind of price. My dao intent is already my limit as a Grand Empyrean!

“However, it is interesting that he would dare to gamble like this, paying such a price to bet that this child can become a Grand Empyrean!

“Equal status… Take his teacher’s spot and accept him as a disciple. If he had proposed this to Ming Dao, then even Ming Dao would’ve been extremely moved. He would likely not have followed the Celestial Emperor and would have become Wu Feng’s junior brother!

“If Wang Lin agrees, he will gain many benefits!!”

Wang Lin took a deep breath. He didn’t expect Wu Feng to say this. Wu Feng also had a sincere expression; he obviously wasn’t saying this casually and had put thought into this.

“What I say is not false. I can make an oath with my bloodline!” Wu Feng said word for word to Wang Lin.

“Has this Wu Feng gone crazy?” Dao Yi’s expression became even more gloomy and there was a hint of disbelief in his eyes.

Wang Lin’s expression was a little complicated as he looked at Wu Feng and silently pondered. If he intended to stay in the celestial clan for a long time, then Wu Feng’s promise was his best choice, but...

“Thanks, Grand Empyrean Wu Feng, for your care… Let me consider it.” Wang Lin sighed and clasped his hands at Wu Feng.

“No problem. Grand Empyrean Jiu Di is the strongest among us. He may give you a better condition.” Wu Feng let out a sigh as he looked at Wang Lin and smiled.

“He is here.”

Just as Wu Feng spoke, a ripple of light appeared in the sky and two figures walked out. It was Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi and her teacher.

“Wang Lin!” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s voice was filled with joy. She stepped forward and arrived next to Wang Lin.

“You went missing for so long, and the moment you appeared, you went to the Empyrean Trial. You actually passed the 17th palace!” Empyrean Exalt

“Just lucky.” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was very close to Wang Lin, so her fragrance drifted over. Wang Lin didn’t step back but remained standing. He still remember her words when everyone turned against him.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi looked at Wang Lin and softly said, “OK, let’s not talk about this. Do you remember when I told you about Mount Emperor? Let us go see the autumn leaves together, OK?”

Wang Lin hesitated a bit and let out a sigh as he looked a the absolute beauty before him.

“I will go.”

“Not now?” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi bit her lower lip.

Wang Lin silently pondered. With his experience and age, how could he not see the meaning of her words? Although this beautiful woman didn’t have feelings for him yet, she already had a good impression of him.

This good impression perhaps may turn into some kind of feeling.

However, Wang Lin could not allow this to continue. He didn’t want her to become like those women in the cave world who ended up being unhappy.

Wang Lin’s silence caused Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi to sigh in her heart as well, but she smiled. She raised her right hand and patted Wang Lin’s back.

“You, ah, I just wanted to invite you to Mount Emperor and introduce you to a few women. Hmph, if you don’t want to go, forget it. I’ll go find someone else.”

Wang Lin smiled bitterly.

“Hai Zi, don’t mess around!” In the sky, Grand Empyrean Jiu Di still looked the same, but his expression was serious. However, there was no majesty of a Grand Empyrean emanating from him, so even when he was serious, he still looked ordinary.

“Wang Lin, this old man will accept you as a disciple. Do you agree?” Grand Empyrean Jiu Di was someone from the same time as the Celestial Emperor.

“If you agree, this old man can promise you that once the Immemorial God Realm opens, I can help send you inside! And help you become a Grand Empyrean!” This was a commitment only Grand Empyreans would dare to make because only Grand Empyreans knew the price.

This was what he said to Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao, but under the Celestial Emperor’s unknown condition, he hadn’t chosen Jiu Di.

“With my help, when the Immemorial God Realm opens, your chance of becoming a Grand Empyrean will increase by 30%! And if you are my disciple, then not even the Celestial Emperor would dare to act against you!

“No matter what grudge is between the two of you, with me here, I can help you settle it completely!

“Among the Grand Empyreans, aside from the dead Dong Lin, only Gemini can compare to this old man. However, after her last reincarnation, Gemini had an accident and her soul split back to her earliest stage. She is extremely weak.

“This old man is your best choice,” Grand Empyrean Jiu Di slowly said.

Wang Lin looked at Dao Yi, Wu Feng, and Jiu Di. All three of them had given different conditions. Dao Yi’s treasures, Wu Feng’s equality, and Jiu Di’s promise.

If he intended to stay in the celestial clan for a long time, then Jiu Di would be the most secure, and even choosing Wu Feng would mean that he could do as he wished. Only Dao Yi was someone Wang Lin wouldn’t casually choice. After all, he knew that his teacher and Dao Yi had fought before, and the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign had obtained the Heaven Defying Bead during their battle.

But Dao Yi was also someone Wang Lin could choose and not feel bad about. His treasures were things Wang Lin wanted, but if the Celestial Emperor were to really act, Wang Lin wasn’t certain if this person would help.

“Jiu Di is the strongest among the Grand Empyreans… I have to be careful at his place… But he is also at the Central Continent, so he would be a great help on my trip to the imperial city!” Wang Lin pondered. He clasped his hands at Jiu Di and was about to speak.

However, just at this moment, Jiu Di suddenly raised his head. Following that, Wu Feng and Dao Yi also looked up with serious expressions. Shortly after, three rays of light closed in.

“Little Wang Lin, ah, it’s really you!” A burst of cheerful laughter came from the sky. Three lights closed in; it was Grand Empyrean Gemini and Empyrean Exalt Gu Ya.

As the laughter echoed, the little girl named Wa Wa appeared next to Wang Lin. She patted her hands and circled Wang Lin once.

“Little Wang Lin, do you still remember me?”

“Little Wang Lin, do you remember him?” The little girl named Han Han stood next to the girl named Wa Wa. She held up a cultivator who had covered his face with his hands and threw him to the side.

Wang Lin looked at the cultivator who was thrown to the side and moved his hands to reveal a bitter face.

“Greed…”

“Eh… Fellow Cultivator Wang, long time no see…” As Greed spoke, tears seemed to gather in his eyes.

“OK, baldy, fake mask guy, and you rotten old man, all of you can leave. This little Wang Lin is ours!” The girl named Wa Wa had her left hand on her waist and her right hand raised. She put up an act as if she was very old and wise as she pointed.

“Yes, he is ours. If any of you dare to be disobedient, then hmph, hmph… I’m going to hit you!” The little girl called Han Han raised her hand as if she was going to hit someone.

This sudden change startled Wang Lin.

Empyrean Exalt Gu Ya retreated a few steps with a bitter smile. With his cultivation level, he didn’t have the qualifications to participate and could only watch the two little ancestors deal with it.
