Chapter 1968

Facing the two little girls, Dao Yi immediately frowned and Wu Feng’s expression became serious. He understood the meaning of their words. It seemed they had known Wang Lin for a while and had even brought a cultivator Wang Lin was familiar with.

Jiu Di smiled bitterly as he looked at the two little girls. He decided to ignore them and spoke to Wang Lin.

“Wang Lin, tell this old man your choice!”

“Ah, rotten old man, you dare to be disobedient!?”

“Rotten old man, I remember you. You can’t beat us!” The two little girls’ eyes widened after they heard what Grand Empyrean Jiu Di had said.

“Gemini, after your reincarnation, your soul split - how is your personality still like this!? This person has passed the 17th palace and now we are all here, so we will all say our conditions one by one for him to decide. You…” Jiu Di frowned, but before he could finish, the two little girls jumped forward.

“Han Han, let us hit them!” the little girl named Wa Wa said angrily. Their two figures in the sky seem to overlap and a shocking aura erupted.

The two little girls raised their hands together and formed a circle with their bodies. Golden light came from the circle as if it had become a golden sun!

The light from the sun replaced all light in the world and shrouded the four Grand Empyreans. No one could clearly see inside.

Burst of rumbles came from the light. Grand Empyrean Dao Yi was the first to be knocked out. His face was filled with anger, but he didn’t turn back. Instead, he flew off into the distance.

The second to fly out was Grand Empyrean Wu Feng. He had a bitter smile as he retreated from the golden light. He let out a sigh and disappeared without a trace.

“Clearly two unruly children, to actually use the power of the the nine suns on the Immortal Astral Continent… This… This is going to be a real fight… Ah!!”

The third to fly out was Grand Empyrean Jiu Di. He frowned as he left the golden light. He waved his sleeve and all the golden light disappeared.

“Wang Lin, this old man will wait for your reply at Mount Emperor!” Grand Empyrean Jiu Di felt rather helpless. His right hand reached at the void and he disappeared with Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi.

All of this happened in a flash. All three Grand Empyreans had been forced to retreat from Gemini’s mad action.

The golden light dissipated and the two little girls floated proudly in the sky.

“Hmph, Little Gu Ya, see how strong we are? The three of them are afraid of using the power of the nine suns, but we aren’t afraid!”

“I know, they didn’t even dare to fight. We scared them away!”

Gu Ya quickly walked up and began to praise them.

“Grand Empyrean Gemini is really powerful. Gu Ya admires, admires, ah!” He really didn’t have much to say. He finally understood what the two little ancestors had in mind when told him they had a method when he was worried about recruiting Wang Lin.

Now he knew that the method was the same as throwing a fit and scaring everyone away.

While speaking, Gu Ya looked at Wang Lin with embarrassment and clasped his hands.

“Gu Ya greets the White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean. This matter… I’m helpless on this matter. Senior is very famous and you have many choices, but Grand Empyrean Gemini is pure and as kind as a child. If Senior is willing to follow, they will definitely be generous with Senior.

“We will try to satisfy any requirements Senior has to the best of our ability.” Gu Ya bowed deeply and didn’t get up.

Wang Lin silently pondered and looked at the bitter-faced Greed.

“Little Gu Ya, why are you talking so much? Little Wang Lin, now there are no other Grand Empyreans here. We ask you: you will come or not?” The little girl called Han Han pouted and glared at Wang Lin.

This made this little girl look very cute. As Wang Lin watched, he thought about how Zhou Ru looked when she was a child.

“Little Wang Lin, I saved you! Do you remember, do you remember? Hmph, hmph, if you’re ungrateful, I’m going to hit you!” On the side, Wa Wa’s eyes were wide open and she looked like she was angry.

Wang Lin smiled bitterly. Before him, Gu Ya’s expression contained embarrassment. He knew that no Ascendant Empyrean would be recruited with a tone like this, especially someone like Wang Lin. Which one of those Grand Empyreans hadn’t offered a large amount of benefits?

“This… Senior Wang…” Gu Ya was about to speak to ease the situation.

At this moment, the little girl named Han Han let out a snort and floated down to Wang Lin. However, she was too small, so she had to look up at Wang Lin. Feeling like something was wrong, she immediately flew up so she was a head taller than him. She looked proud as her innocent eyes blinked and she began to threaten Wang Lin.

“Little Wang Lin, if you don’t agree, then I’ll hit you. I’ll get my father to hit you! Gu Ya said that my father is very strong. What Celestial Ancestor or Ancient Ancestor? Just write the worth ‘death’ and they are all dead.”

Wang Lin was startled.

“Fake, fake…” Gu Ya’s body trembled and thought, “Ah, little ancestors, you can’t tell this to him.” He couldn’t care less about anything else and quickly sent a message to Wang Lin.

“These two little children… What Grand Empyrean Gemini is talking about is their mortal father after they reincarnated. They lost part of their memory after reincarnation, and I was afraid they would be sad, so I randomly said some things to them. Senior, please don’t mind them… Alas.”

“Eh, Little Gu Ya, what divine sense message are you sending? Let me listen.” Wa Wa suddenly looked at Gu Ya with interest and wanted to listen. However, Gu Ya was very fast and was on guard all along.

“Hmph, Little Gu Ya, you are being disobedient and not letting me listen! My father is also very powerful, I’ll get my father to hit you!” Wa Wa revealed a proud expression and patted Gu Ya’s head.

Wang Lin revealed a bitter smile as he looked at the two little girls and sighed. He suddenly felt that compared to the other Grand Empyreans, it was these two little girls who gave him an amiable feeling.

In particular… Wang Lin’s eyes lit up when he looked at Greed.

“I indeed ignored a problem before! Even with Teacher Xuan Luo’s power, he couldn’t take people out from the cave world - he could only protect them while they reincarnated. Even for me, Teacher had to pay a certain price to help me leave.

“But Greed’s cultivation level is not high and he was effortlessly taken out from the cave world by Grand Empyrean Gemini.” Wang Lin took a deep breath and his gaze swept by the two little girls before him. In particular, the little girl named Han Han. Her proud expression was very cute.

“Even after encountering an accident in reincarnation, Grand Empyrean Gemini still has such power. If they didn’t have that accident… then they would have been the strongest Grand Empyrean in the celestial clan. I wonder how she compares to Grand Empyrean Dong Lin...

“Most importantly, I neglected the fact that in Grand Empyrean Gemini’s Purple Yang Sect, there is a place connected to the cave world…”

“Hey, Little Wang Lin, you need to talk. If you don’t speak, then I’m really going to get my father to hit you!” Han Han looked at Wang Lin angrily.

Wang Lin smiled bitterly again and nodded while Gu Ya was feeling embarrassed.

“OK, I’m willing to follow Grand Empyrean Gemini!”

Wang Lin’s answer immediately made Han Han clap her hands, and she looked even more proud.

“That’s right, you should have said that earlier. Forget it, I won’t let my father hit you.”

Wa Wa, who was on the side, was also very happy. Now that there was nothing left, she pulled Han Han to Greed, who was filled with fear.

“Little Wolf, your performance today was not good, but I can give you some small red flowers! Han Han, how many small red flowers should we give him?”

“Give him five. What do you think, Wa Wa?”

“Let’s do six. I think six is easier to count. You get three and I get three.”

Gu Ya ignored the two ancestors abusing Greed and the sounds he made. He stared at Wang Lin and couldn’t believe Wang Lin had agreed just like that.

Even though he had arrived late, he could imagine that the offers Dao Yi, Wu Feng, and Jiu Di had made were all amazing and could tempt any cultivator.

“Senior, you…” Gu Ya suddenly felt like he was in a dream.

Wang Lin looked a the two little girl playing in the distance, patting Greed’s head. Then he turned to Gu Ya and said, “However, I have a request. I can’t stay with Grand Empyrean Gemini for long. I’m going to take a trip to the Central Continent… Then I’ll go into closed door cultivation and ignore the outside world.

“When I leave, you can’t stop me, and if a Grand Empyrean acts against me while I’m at the Central Continent, you need to help me. Perhaps I will only be under Grand Empyrean Gemini for a few years...

“If you agree, I agree!”

“So it’s like this…” Gu Ya lowered his head to ponder. After a long time, he raised his head and his eyes were filled with determination.

“Yes, I can represent Grand Empyrean Gemini and promise you this! However, I hope that even if you go into closed door cultivation, no matter how long you…” Without waiting for him to finish speaking, Wang Lin understood what he meant.

“Among the five celestial Grand Empyreans, I’ll not follow another one in my life. In the celestial clan, I’ll only follow Grand Empyrean Gemini!” Wang Lin personally made a promise.

“Good!” Gu Ya’s face was filled with excitement and he took a deep breath. In his view, this was very good. Even if it was only a follower in name, it was better than not obtaining anyone.

After all, someone who was the number one Ascendant Empyrean and number one under Grand Empyreans would be difficult to keep at all times.

“Senior, let us return to the Purple Yang Sect. Whenever Senior wants to leave, you can leave at your leisure. Senior can go anywhere in the Purple Yang Sect, including the close door cultivation spot Grand Empyrean Gemini used before her accident!” Gu Ya clasped his hands and was very respectful.

“Let’s go…” Wang Lin looked back toward the direction of the Dong Lin Sect. It was as if he was saying goodbye to the lonely old man there.
