Chapter 1969

In a flash, the four seasons went by. When the autumn leaves died and snow fell, the holy event that happened one year ago not only didn’t die down, but spread even more.

One year ago, a white-haired cultivator appeared in the celestial clan. In the Empyrean Trial, he went from the fifth palace to the 17th palace and became the number one Ascendant Empyrean!

He completely replaced the fallen Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao and stood at the peak below Grand Empyreans!

This person had a head of white hair and was called the White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean. His name was also spread out by others. This person’s name was Wang Lin!

The name “Wang Lin” swept like a gust of wind this year. No Empyrean Exalt didn’t know him, no Ascendant Empyrean didn’t know him. Even most of the sects’ Golden Exalt ancestors had heard of his name!

Aside from the ancestors, even the sect masters and elders all knew!

The 49th Ascendant Empyrean had appeared in the celestial clan. This Ascendant Empyrean had also passed the 17th palace, making him the strongest Ascendant Empyrean!

Rumors of this person spread across the entire celestial clan. They said that this person had a soul armor and had obtained a high degree of recognition from the foreign soul!

Rumor had it that this person’s strength was supreme but low-key. After passing more than a dozen palaces, he didn’t want to continue, but Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao had provoked and humiliated him verbally. After that, he passed through the 17th palace and completely suppressed Ming Dao.

Rumors said that Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi admired him, but he had coldly refused her.

There were even more rumors that this person came from a small sect in the Eastern Continent. Most cultivators had never heard of this sect.

These rumors continued to spread across the celestial clan.

Such a figure would certainly attract the attention of all the Grand Empyreans. However, this person had turned down Grand Empyrean Dao Yi, Grand Empyrean Wu Feng, and even Grand Empyrean Jiu Di to pick the weak Grand Empyrean Gemini!

Once this matter came out, all the people of the celestial clan that had heard about Wang Lin were confused. This set off another storm of rumors.

During this past year, Wang Lin had been inside the Purple Yang Sect and hadn’t left. Many Ascendant Empyreans had rushed over regardless of distance to meet Wang Lin and debate dao.

Anyone who came and left greatly admired him and felt even more respect. However, some remained in the Purple Yang Sect. It seemed like their harvest was great in their dao debate with Wang Lin.

The Purple Yang Sect became the center of attention again because of Wang Lin!

The rumors of Wang Lin had slowly spread across the 36 countries of the Ancient clan through various methods over the year. The appearance of the 49th Ascendant Empyrean was extremely important to the Ancient clan. Not to mention the fact that this new Ascendant Empyrean replaced Ming Dao as the strongest under Grand Empyreans!

In the 36 countries of the Ancient clan, each of the three clans controlled 12 countries. When the news of Wang Lin reached Xuan Luo, he opened his eyes.

There was admiration and pride in his eyes.

He admired that Wang Lin was able to reach such heights in the celestial clan. What he felt most proud of was that he had found this person in the cave world and accepted him as his disciple.

“He should be coming back soon…” Xuan Luo didn’t tell anyone about the matter with Wang Lin, not even the emperor of the Ancient Dao clan.

When this news entered the palace, the emperor was still selecting his queen. Women were brought from all over in an attempt to fuse with that wisp of soul.

However, even now, he still failed and no one had succeeded. However, he didn’t give up and searched on an even larger scale for a woman that could fuse with the soul.

When the emperor learned about the news of Wang Lin, he didn’t think this was the same Wang Lin that he hated so much. Although he attached importance to it, he didn’t think too much about it.

But he cared enough to launch all forces to collect information about this person. After all, this person was likely the sixth Grand Empyrean of the celestial clan!

The difference between the Ancient clan and the celestial clan was the heavenly gap of a Grand Empyrean. If not for the transcendent being that was Grand Empyrean Guo Dao, who normally didn’t get involved with the three clans, the Ancient clan would have already been destroyed.

Grand Empyrean Guo Dao lived on the peak of Mount Ancient year round. His cultivation was heaven-shattering and he was undeniably the strongest Grand Empyrean!

Even Grand Empyrean Dong Lin of the celestial clan was no match for him. In particular, Grand Empyrean Guo Dao was the only recorded person to kill another Grand Empyrean!

His existence could be traced back to the Ancient Ancestor. When he became a Grand Empyrean, Jiu Di was merely a Golden Exalt.

After the Ancient Ancestor and Celestial Ancestor disappeared, a war broke out between the Ancient clan and the celestial clan. During the war, the celestial clan had eight Grand Empyreans and the Ancient clan only had four!

But when the war reached its peak and the celestials had invaded halfway into the Ancient clan’s territory, Grand Empyrean Guo Dao came out from closed door cultivation. He went and faced countless celestials alone and fought two celestial Grand Empyreans. In the end, he killed both, and on his way back, he was ambushed by another celestial Grand Empyrean, but he killed that Grand Empyrean as well!

After this battle, Grand Empyrean Guo Dao shook the Immortal Astral Continent! That battle forced the celestials to return, ending the war.

Countless years after, because Guo Dao still hadn’t died, he was a deterrent to the celestial clan. Even though they had one more Grand Empyrean, they still didn’t dare to invade the Ancient clan.

There was even a rumor stating that the celestial clan’s Grand Empyrean Dong Lin had challenged Guo Dao and was killed!

The news about Wang Lin slowly spread out in the Ancient clan that was protected by Grand Empyrean Guo Dao. This was also the first time the name “Wang Lin” was remembered by many people.

During this year of time, Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao seemed to have been forgotten. His everything was replaced by Wang Lin.

Land of the celestial clan, the basement of the palace in the imperial city. Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao was sitting in a pool of black water. The water constantly bubbled and emitted a black mist that shrouded the area.

Inside the pool of water, Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao looked like he was in extreme pain. His body was trembling, but he never left the pool and had endured it for a year.

“Wang Lin… Wang Lin…” Whenever his pain reached a limit, whenever he couldn’t bear it, he would roar this name. At this moment, inside the palace, his roar echoed once more.

“You took everything from me! I must personally take it all back!!!”

At this moment, as he continued to roar, the black water boiled even more rapidly. The black mist entered his orifices and slowly changed his body.

“Return to the celestial origin law. Not even this emperor with the Celestial Ancestor’s bloodline has succeeded. This emperor promised you to give you the bloodline of the Celestial Ancestor when recruiting you…” A cold voice echoed in the room.

Ripples echoed beside the pool and the Celestial Emperor walked out.

“Since this emperor promised you, then I’ll fulfill the promise. This is the key to why the Celestial Ancestor’s bloodline can have a Grand Empyrean. Cultivating here will give you the Celestial Ancestor’s bloodline, and whether you can return to the celestial origin will depend on whether the hatred and grievance in your heart is enough.

“If you can last long enough, you can return to the origin!!”

“Return to the origin… Return to the origin… Wang Lin, I’m going to kill you!” Ascendant Empyrean Ming dao’s face was distorted and he roared like crazy. However, his eyes were dim, as if his consciousness was slowly dissipating.

“Kill him… Kill him…” As Ming Dao roared, the Celestial Emperor revealed that strange smile once more and then left.

“This emperor will reproduce the glory of the Celestial Ancestor this generation! That old fellow Jiu Di is already ancient, so I’ll start with him. Once I succeed, who will dare to disobey?

“As for Dao Yi, that person is extremely cunning. Back then, the title of Grand Empyrean should have gone to his senior brother, but he got his senior brother killed and stole the qualification!

“This emperor admires such a person. He will be of great use!

“That Wu Feng doesn’t respect the imperial bloodline at all. That kind of person should be killed! I’ll take his Grand Empyrean qualification and gave it to Dao Fei! Although Dao Fei is my brother, I have spent a lot of effort on him and it is time to harvest.

“Finally, there is Gemini. As long as their soul doesn’t fuse back to one, there is nothing to worry about!”

The Celestial Emperor smiled as he disappeared from the underground chamber.

The Purple Yang Sect of the Eastern Continent was where Wang Lin, who had shaken the entire celestial clan, was located. Right now, it was winter and the snow formed a layer of silver over the Purple Yang Sect.

Aside from when other Ascendant Empyreans came to debate dao, he had spent this whole year in one place. It was a restricted area in the Purple Yang Sect.

This was the Beast Farm Realm.

He had vaguely seen the Beast Farm Realm, but after coming to the Purple Yang Sect, it had changed a lot. Wang Lin had spent most of the year sitting at the edge of the Beast Farm Realm.

He could feel that there was an invisible barrier before him, and on the other side was a place he was familiar with: the hometown he missed… There were people he knew, the land he knew, and the planets he knew.

He raised his right hand and seemed to place it on the barrier. Wang Lin’s eyes were filled with melancholy and reminiscence.

“The aura of home…” Wang Lin let out a sigh and closed his eyes. He had been here for a year and he knew he should leave...

In the distance, there was a burst of bell-like laughs. The laughter of the little girls filled with joy made Wang Lin’s heart very calm.

“Little Biaozi, don’t bully Little Wolf. Little Wolf’s things have all been cheated away by you.”

“Little Biaozi, let us go down the mountain to cheat people, it’s too much fun.”

“Please, two little ancestors, please don’t call me ‘Little Biaozi…’ It’s really… It’s really not a good name…” Liu Jinbiao had a bitter face as he cried and begged.
