Chapter 1970

As the snow fell, two people walked down from the Purple Yang Sect one after the other. They were Wang Lin and Liu Jinbiao.

Wang Lin had cultivated silently for the year in the aura of his hometown that he missed. During this time, his wood essence had reached completion and was close to forming an essence true body.

His thunder essence true body that was fused with the special essences had been completed in the Dong Lin Sect. He would no longer have to comprehend more special essences, there were enough. As for this five-element essence true body, his wood essence was close to forming an essence true body. Only the remaining metal essence was still only at small completion. Wang Lin understood that if he could get another sword fragment, the metal essence would reach completion.

Once his metal essence reached completion, even without forming an essence true body, his five element essences could fuse into one. At that point, Wang Lin’s cultivation level would increase from mid stage Void Tribulant to late stage Void Tribulant and he would become a Golden Exalt.

Finally, there were the ethereal essences. After true and false, life and death, and karma, Wang Lin comprehended the fourth ethereal essence in the Dong Lin Sect, reincarnation.

He had only comprehended a sliver of the reincarnation essence. It was as if he had just opened the door and obtain the seed. He would have to comprehend it time and time again to reach completion.

“Reaching Golden Exalt is not difficult… the difficult part will be the ethereal essences… The imperial city is the home of the Celestial Ancestor. Perhaps there I can find the aura of the Celestial Ancestor’s sword…” Wang Lin faced the wind and snow as he walked forward.

Heading to the imperial city in the Central Continent from the Purple Yang Sect in the Eastern Continent was an extremely long trip. For ordinary cultivators, even flying at full speed would take a very long time unless they used transfer arrays.

Wang Lin’s figure was covered by the wind and snow. He was gradually covered by the snow as he used Spatial Bending to leave the Eastern Continent with Liu Jinbiao and the sea dragon.

Behind them, at the Purple Yang Sect, stood Gu Ya, and beside him where two little girls. They looked into the distance with unwillingness in their eyes.

“Will he come back…” Wa Wa’s spirits were a bit down.

“Can we still see him…” Han Han quietly asked while looking into the distance.

Gu Ya sighed and said, “It should… be possible… I already gave him the jade. If he faces danger in the Central Continent, you both will know immediately.

“This is our agreement with him. At that time, Grand Empyrean Gemini will need to go help him.”

“Yes, that’s for certain. Since Little Wang Lin chose us, then we won’t allow anyone to bully him!” Wa Wa looked at Han Han, and both little girls nodded seriously.

The Central Continent, the center of the celestial clan. It was vast and filled with celestial energy. At the center of the Central Continent was the imperial city.

This city was very large, big enough to be comparable to a continent. It was endless and was the number one city in the celestial clan!

Even the royal capitals of the 36 ancient countries couldn’t compare to the imperial city of the celestial clan. It was also referred to as the ancestral city in the celestial clan.

In the ancestral city, there was only one sect, and that was the sect the Imperial Teacher came from. It had taken root and merged with the Celestial Ancestor’s bloodline. They suffered together and basked in glory together!

The sect was ruled by the Celestial Emperors. Each generation of Celestial Emperor would obtain the loyalty of the sect. Once their bloodline awakened and they inherited the title of Grand Empyrean Eight Extreme, they could change the name of the sect.

This generation’s Celestial Emperor Lian Daozhen had changed the name of this mysterious sect to the Dao Sect! This generation’s sect master was the current Imperial Teacher, Shang Daoxuan!

This Shang Daoxuan’s cultivation was mysterious and his divination power was shocking. By himself, he was able to resist the combined power of the three Imperial Teachers of the Ancient clan.

No one knew the exact location of the Dao Sect, and since ancient times, only a few people had found out. However, no secret in the world could resist the passage of time. After countless years, people had many speculations.

Some would say that the sect was located in a void that overlapped with the ancestral city.

Some would say that the sect was in a spatial rift in the ancestral city, and the entrance was in the imperial palace.

Some would say that the sect was deep underground below the ancestral city.

There were many speculations, and perhaps one of them was true.

The ancestral city was divided into east, south, west, and north. At the center was a restricted area. It was the imperial palace, and only those with permission could enter.

In the four sub cities, there were many mansions. Each mansion was a faction. They were not sects, but they had more power than most sects.

Among them there were four kings, crowned as the strongest one in each of the sub cities. The northern city’s Li Mansion, southern city’s Luo Mansion, western city’s Shan Mansion, and the eastern city’s Meng Mansion. These four behemoths suppressed the area.

In addition, there was a transcendent power that could compete with the imperial power. That was the mountain between the western and eastern cities. This mountain was named Emperor!

Mount Emperor!

One mountain, one person, one Grand Empyrean Jiu Dai made the entire ancestral city, palace, and millions of mountains feel like they could not breathe.

Regarding the mysterious dao sect, many people guessed that the purpose of its existence was to suppress Mount Emperor, which seemingly suppressed the imperial power!

This was an internal power structure in the ancestral city that most people didn’t know about; only the Grand Empyreans could see it clearly. After Wang Lin had spent a year in the Purple Yang Sect, he wanted to head to the ancestral city. Grand Empyrean Gemini had used the soul fusion spell to find their memories of the ancestral city to give to Wang Lin.

The celestial clan’s five large continents were split into 72 smaller continents. The four seasons there were also slightly different. It would take several months for the cold wind and snow that blew past the Eastern Continent to cover the Central Continent in snow.

This was the ancestral city’s first snow. It was very large and seemed to cover the entire city. As the snow gathered over the eastern gate, even the lines of sight became a blur.

There were no mortals in this city. This was a rare place in the celestial clan where only cultivators lived. The celestial energy here was so dense, it formed a pressure that made it impossible for mortals to live here.

On this day, outside the eastern gate of the ancestral city, where the snow covered the endless plain, a figure gradually appeared. This figure wore a coat and faced the wind as he walked toward the gate.

His hood covered his appearance, but from his figure, it didn’t look like an old man and instead was a young man. However, no matter how the blizzard blew on his body, it was unable to get rid of the ancient aura he emitted.

When he was several hundred thousand kilometers away from the ancestral city, the man stopped. He slowly raised his eyes, and his gaze seemed to be able to penetrate the snow as he looked at the city in the distance.

“Celestial Emperor… I’m coming...” Wang Lin looked into the distance and allowed the snow to land on his coat and cover up his footprints.

“This should be my last battle in the celestial clan… I’m going to see if the madman remembers me… Then I’ll have no regrets.” Wang Lin silently lowered his head. The hood not only blocked the snow and wind, it also covered his appearance. He silently walked forward.

He didn’t have to come to the ancestral city. He knew it was very dangerous for him, but he still came.

Some things had to be done in order to live life with no regrets! Some pursued their emotions and walked down their path with determination.

For their loved ones, even when facing a cliff, they would rely on their hands to slowly climb over the cliff.

Wang Lin cared about his feelings for his lover, family, and friends. These were all things he didn’t have much of in his lonely life, and he cherished them…

Losing one would represent real loss.

The madman had helped him. After the time they spent in the dream dao, he couldn’t leave without seeing the madman. He wanted to see if his old friend was doing well.

He had come here with such thoughts in mind.

The wind blew on his body and the snow blocked his way. On the dusk of this day, Wang Lin arrived outside the eastern gate. Compared to this proud city, he was small like an ant.

Unlike mortal cities, there were no guards at the city gate. This was the ancestral city with two Grand Empyreans and the mysterious Dao Sect. Not even Xuan Luo would dare to casually come here, only someone like Guo Dao would dare.

At dusk, the sky was grey, and as the wind and snow blew, Wang Lin stepped through the eastern gate. His foot landed inside the ancestral city.

A powerful celestial pressure pounced on him when he entered the city’s gate. It was enough to make any mortal’s body collapse, but cultivators could just barely withstand it. If one cultivated here, the effect was even better than the famous and big-name sects.

However, this celestial pressure had no effect on Wang Lin. He had no need to cultivate this celestial energy by force. Walking on the city streets, Wang Lin looked around.

Among the wind and snow, there were many pedestrians quickly walking by. Even if they had cultivation, none of them flew. They just walked around like mortals.

“Even dragons must coil up in the ancestral city. Even tigers must lie down in the ancestral city. Even the powerful Empyrean Exalts must abide to the agreement… Is this the case…” There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes.

“This doesn’t include me!”
