Chapter 1971

Deep in the eastern city of the ancestral city, there was an ordinary-looking mansion. However, it occupied a large area and looked like a ferocious beast from a distance.

It was completely silent outside this mansion; there was not a trace of a person. It was as if this was a forbidden land in the eastern city. If people saw it from afar, they would bypass it and not walk through this place.

The wind was blowing and a thick layer of snow had gathered on the ground. Silver light reflected off the snow, giving the area a cold feeling. The silver light shined on the gate of the mansion, giving off a powerful pressure.

Outside the gate stood two stone lions. Their eyes were closed, but they gave off a shockingly fierce aura. It was as if they would stare down anyone if they opened their eyes.

Above the gate, there was a green frame with red background, and there were two large golden words on it.

“Li Mansion”

A shocking arrow aura spread out from these two words. This caused the surrounding snowflakes to seem to be filled with killing intent as they fell.

There was a long hall inside the mansion. However, as the snow fell, there was no sound and there wasn’t a figure to be seen.

After the hall, there was a green stone chamber. In the snow, this stone chamber seemed to be covered in silver. However, the moment Wang Lin entered the eastern city, the buzzing of a bow echoed from inside the stone chamber!

In this extremely quiet world, the sound of the bow was extremely clear as it spread.

There was an old man sitting in the chamber and there was a wooden shelf before him. This shelf was purple and looked extraordinary. This shelf was very strange and seemed to be missing something.

If you placed a bow on this shelf, it would be complete!

At this moment, the buzzing sound came from the purple wooden shelf. The fuzzy shadow of a bow appeared and continued to buzz.

The old man suddenly opened his eyes, and they seemed to be filled with a shocking arrow aura. He stared at the purple wooden shelf.

“The ancestor’s bow shelf created a sound… This… This only happen when the ancestor’s bow is close. Could it be… The ancestor’s bow is nearby!!” The old man took a deep breath and waved at the shelf. A ray of purple light flashed and turned into an arrow. It flew out from the stone room. It wasn’t fast, as if it were looking for something, and then disappeared into the distance.

The old man’s eyes lit up and he immediately shouted, “Li Yun, Li Shan, the two of you follow the arrow and see if you can find the aura of the old ancestor’s bow!”

As his voice echoed, two figures appeared like smoke from the quiet pavilion. They disappeared after the purple arrow.

At this moment, Wang Lin was facing the wind and snow as he walked through the eastern city. The snow on the ground was very thick. Wang Lin looked at the city. This city was very large, and just the eastern city was endless. Wang Lin had never seen anything like this before.

If the eastern city was like this, there was no need to mention the entire ancestral city. This was a rare city in the world!

Those that passed by quickly went by. Some noticed Wang Lin, but they only took a glance at him and left.

There were many shops around, and many mansion that gave off powerful celestial energy. They were extraordinary places. The entire eastern city under this celestial energy gave people a very unfamiliar feeling.

Wang Lin silently walked through the eastern city until the moon gradually appeared. He stopped before a large inn and took out some celestial stones to pay for a place to stay.

This room was not large and was very simple, but the celestial energy here was even denser than outside. Although it wasn’t a cave, the walls, door, and window were covered in restrictions. These restrictions could be activated to make this a good place for closed door cultivation.

At this moment, Liu Jinbiao was beside him and was looking around. The Golden Exalt sea dragon had shrunk to the size of a finger and laid on Liu Jinbiao’s shoulder. It looked very lazy.

The sea dragon and Liu Jinbiao’s relationship was very good. Wang Lin was not surprised; after all, it was very normal for Liu Jinbiao to do this with his skill.

Night quickly came and the snowfall weakened a lot. Liu Jinbiao looked out the window and saw even more pedestrians outside. He looked at the bright lights in the distance and heard the faint sound of music, making him even more excited.

“Master, this is a good place, almost the same as a mortal city. You see there, I dare to say there must be beauties there!” Liu Jinbiao pointed to a place filled with light.

“Master, Xu Liguo’s personality is difficult to change. He must be enjoying himself every night. If you want to find him, that is the place to look.

“Eh, I, Liu Jinbiao am a gentleman, this… I’m reluctant, but I’ll go see if Xu Liguo is there. Master, what do you think…” Liu Jinbiao suppressed his excitement as he looked at Wang Lin.

Wang Lin looked at Liu Jinbiao and knew he was unwilling to say in the room. After pondering a bit, he nodded.

After he nodded, Liu Jinbiao immediately became excited and walked out with the sea dragon.

After Liu Jinbiao left, Wang Lin sat there by himself. He took out a wine jug and started to drink as he looked at the snow outside.

“Lian Daofei… Do you still remember the matter in the cave world…” The moonlight outside the window became even stronger and the snow intensified. The wine jug in his hand was empty.

With a sigh, Wang Lin put down the wine jug, got up, and went out. He put on a coat and walked toward the eastern city in the not-so-dark night.

Music and the sound of voices came in the night of the eastern city, but Wang Lin felt lonely as he silently walked through the streets. The number of people around him gradually decreased until Wang Lin was the only one left in the snow.

Want Lin stopped and slowly said, “You, what do you want?”

When his words echoed, a pressure came from his voice, causing the wind and snow to freeze. It was enough to force someone from hiding!

The void behind him distorted and a fuzzy figure appeared. Before the figure became clear, a purple arrow shot toward Wang Lin.

After this person appeared, his hands formed seals and a bow appeared. It looked like two invisible hands were holding the bow, and it shot another arrow!

This arrow flew toward Wang Lin following the purple arrow from before.

“Li family?” Wang Lin was wearing a coat with a hood, so the other party couldn’t see his appearance. He turned around and pointed with his right hand.

With this, the incoming purple arrow collapsed and even the arrow after that trembled before disappearing.

All of this happened in a flash. Wang Lin hadn’t even stepped back; he had just turned around and casually pointed.

The eyes of the person who shot the arrow widened and filled with disbelief. He didn’t expect an arrow he had shot at full power with his Golden Exalt cultivation to be so casually negated by this person.

All his hair stood up and a sense of fear filled his entire body. He retreated without hesitation and even spat out blood to use blood escape. He turned into a red shadow and disappeared thousands of kilometers away.

If Wang Lin wanted to chase him down, this person couldn’t escape, but he just stood there and watched the blood shadow leave.

“I have just entered the eastern city and have already caught the attention of the Li family… It must be the Li Guang Bow in my body that they sensed.

“They should have only sensed it and don’t know my identity yet. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have sent two Golden Exalts to follow me.” Wang Lin had no hatred against the Li family, so he didn’t kill anyone.

“There won’t be a next time!” Wang Lin muttered before turning around.

However, his words echoed like thunder in the escaping blood shadow’s ears. It caused him to cough out blood again and his expression was filled with fear.

“He… What is his cultivation level!? What is his cultivation level?! This matter must be immediately reported to the old ancestor. This person must be an Empyrean Exalt, and not an ordinary one! Not good, Li Shan and I separated. I came to monitor this person and Li Shan went to capture his companion…” The expression of the blood-colored figure changed and he suddenly felt like the Li family’s actions would cause a great disaster.

Wang Lin was still wearing his coat with his hood up as he walked on the street. He had no goal and just wanted to walk quietly by himself. As he walked, light and music came from before him.

He raised his head and looked at the palace-like place that was covered in light. He was about to leave when he looked up again and his eyes revealed a strange light as he looked a the bright palace.

His gaze seemed to be able to penetrate all existence, and he saw a proud-looking man in red. Wang Lin was familiar with this man’s appearance and aura.

Behind the man in red, there were clearly several cultivators that were guards. They were all third step cultivators, and they seemed to look at the man in red with respect.

“Only at this distance can I feel his presence. Someone left a seal on him!” Wang Lin’s eyes narrowed but a happy smile appeared on his face.

“Xu Liguo…” Wang Lin shook his head and was about to enter the palace. However, he frowned as he turned to look into the distance, and there was a flash of coldness in his eyes.

“Li Mansion, that’s a bit too much!” Wang Lin’s body flickered and he suddenly disappeared. The red-robed man in the palace ahead threw his wine cup on the ground and shouted at the people before him.

“What kind of wine is this?! Don’t try to fool your family’s Grandpa Xu. I know your family has thousand-year-old wine; quickly bring it here, or else your family’s Grandpa Xu will talk about this place!”

The man in red had a fierce expression, but he didn’t know a gaze was looking at him. That gaze might have aroused confusion within him.
