Chapter 1972

On the street of the eastern city, the narrow body of a 100-foot-long sea dragon quickly flew through the area. However, it didn’t dare to fly too high, because there was a terrifying pressure here. If it flew too high, it would be fatal.

The sea dragon was covered in scars as it flew. There was a black arrow stuck its abdomen, and it was released power that was destroying its vitality. The sea dragon was covered in black gas.

On its back was an angry Liu Jinbiao. He was in a sorry state. The arrow from before had appeared very suddenly. If not for the sea dragon blocking for him, he would have already died.

“That arrow destroyed all of the sea dragon’s spells and pierced into its abdomen. This arrow is too strong!! Who want to kill me? I have only cheated seven people, is there a need for this?!” There was no fear in Liu Jinbiao’s anger.

He turned around and roared, “Damn it, you dare to provoke this me? My master will never let you go!”

There was a black figure that seemed to fuse with the night behind the sea dragon. It was impossible to see if the person was a man or woman, young or old. This person was very fast, even faster than the sea dragon. At this moment, the person moved their hands and a bow appeared, then they shot an arrow.

When the arrow appeared, all the surrounding celestial energy seemed to condense into it.

From the moment when Liu Jinbiao and the sea dragon began to escape, it had been only 10 breaths. The person chasing them had now shot a second arrow!

This arrow contained a cold killing intent, as if it was going to instantly kill the sea dragon and Liu Jinbiao.

Seeing the arrow closing in, Liu Jinbiao let out a roar and was going to use his full power to resist. The sea dragon below let out a hiss as ripples of water vapor rippled.

The figure chasing them revealed a cold smile. His arrow, once shot, was very difficult for a cultivator of the same cultivation level to resist. This arrow would be able to kill the sea dragon and seriously injure the little cultivator on its back. Once this little cultivator was captured and brought back home, it would be a great merit!

However, just at this moment, the sneer on this person’s face suddenly disappeared. This person’s pupils shrank and he was filled with fear.

The moment the arrow closed in on the sea dragon and Liu Jinbiao, a figure in a coat and hood suddenly appeared. This figure appeared very suddenly, as if it had forced itself into existence.

After he appeared, he only raised his head and revealed a dazzling gaze. The golden light from his eyes landed on the arrow before him and caused it to break.

The figure hiding in the dark felt his mind tremble, and his body was forced out of hiding. When he looked at the other person’s gaze, he felt like countless swords were flying toward him.

He could not fight it at all. His mind rumbled as he coughed out blood and lost consciousness. He fell down on the ground and kicked up a lot of snow into the air.

Before he went into a coma, his body was filled with fear. The other person’s gaze made him feel fear he had never felt before. It was beyond the family head and ancestor.

“Master! You finally came, he was going to kill me!! The sea dragon is injured!!” Liu Jinbiao became excited when he saw Wang Lin. The sea dragon turned and stared at the motionless figure ferociously.

Wang Lin raised his right hand and touched the sea dragon. The sea dragon trembled and all the black gas around it dissipated. The arrow in its abdomen fell out and its wound recovered rapidly.

The black arrow that flew out was grabbed by Wang Lin. After looking at it, he crushed it into dust that fused with the wind and snow.

Wang Lin calmly said, “The Li Mansion has gone a bit too far!”

“Li Mansion? Master, you know his origin? It’s not because my deception was exposed?” Liu Jinbiao’s anger turned into grievance as he looked at Wang Lin pitfuly.

“Let’s go, follow me to the Li Mansion.” Wang Lin looked calm and didn’t even glance at the motionless figure. As he walked past him, he didn’t even do anything and the person’s body floated into the air, revealing his face. It was a middle-aged man whose eyes were closed. His face was ashen and he was completely passed out.

Wang Lin’s divine sense gathered at this person’s head. After obtaining the information he needed, Wang Lin waved his sleeve. He disappeared along with the sea dragon, Liu Jinbiao, and the unconscious man. When they reappeared, they were outside a silent mansion.

“Go knock on the gate and tell their master to come and see me.” Wang Lin looked at the two words “Li Mansion”.

“OK!” Liu Jinbiao became spirited. He loved doing these things. At this moment, he rolled up his sleeves and walked toward the closed gate.

The moment he walked through the two stone lions, they remained motionless, as if they were ordinary mortal decorations. They allowed Liu Jinbiao to swagger up to the gate.

At this moment, he looked almost exactly the same as a fellow that had been here more than a year ago. Even their expressions were similar.

Before the gate, Liu Jinbiao raised his foot and mercilessly gave it a kick. After leaving a snow footprint, he let out a roar.

“My master is here, quickly come out and greet him!!”

These words were very similar to those of the person that came here about a year ago. If the young man in red knew of this, he would be quite shocked.

But the difference was that Xu Liguo had kicked once and the gate hadn’t move at all, while Liu Jinbiao’s kick caused the gate to rumble. This kick actually opened the gate.

This scene startled Liu Jinbiao, and he retreated at his quickest speed. He secretly thought to himself that this kick shouldn’t have that much force and that this gate is too weak.

As Wang Lin looked at the opened gate, his expression was neutral. After waiting for a moment, he shook his head and smiled.

“Since the master won’t come out, I’ll enter without being invited.” With that, Wang Lin waved his right hand and the unconscious man beside him was thrown inside. Then Wang Lin calmly walked forward.

After he walked past the two stone lions, they suddenly opened their eyes and let out angry roars at Wang Lin. These roars spread across most of the eastern city. This caused all chatter and music to become silent!

Under these roars, two giant shadows flew from the two stone lions. They were two lions thousands of feet tall, and they rushed toward Wang Lin.

Wang Lin didn’t look up and still walked toward the open gate with his coat and hood on. In a flash, the two lions closed in, but when they got within 10 feet of Wang Lin, they howled miserably. They were scattered like fog facing a powerful wind.

Crackling sounds echoed and cracks appeared on the two stone lions around the gate before they shattered.

Wang Lin continued walking forward, and behind him, Liu Jinbiao gasped, but soon his eyes were filled with excitement. The stronger Wang Lin was, the more he could fake being a tiger, and no one would dare bully him.

When the sea dragon saw this, its eyes were filled with awe.

Just as Wang Lin’s right foot stepped into the gate of the Li Mansion, howling sounds echoed. A large number of figures came out, and they all made the same motions. Their left hands held a bow and their right hands pulled the bow to a full moon before shooting an arrow!

Hundreds of arrows shot toward Wang Lin, who had just entered the gate.

Each arrow contained a powerful force. At this moment, hundreds of arrows condensed into a rain of arrows and, due to their positions, they seemed to form a formation!

This formation gave off endless red light and a shocking killing intent erupted as it closed in on Wang Lin.

Without stopping, Wang Lin raised his right hand and waved. At this moment, a giant palm print appeared before Wang Lin. This palm was extremely real and the pattern on it could be seen clearly. The moment it appeared, it collided with the arrow formation.

Thunderous rumbles echoed and the arrow formation collapsed, but the palm dimmed as well. Wang Lin stepped into the gate and went through the palm. The palm disappeared.

“They instantly condensed power equal to a sixth palace Empyrean Exalt.” Wang Lin’s coat remained the same as he walked into the mansion.

Those hundreds of figures comprised of men and women, but at this moment, they were filled with horror and disbelief. They were very confident in that arrow; even Empyrean Exalts would find it difficult to deal with, but this person before them had destroyed it with a wave.

Just as the hundreds of people from the Li Mansion felt fear rise in their hearts, nine arrows show out from nine different locations in the Li Mansion. Each arrow exploded into hundreds of arrows, and they were no weaker than the combined attack from the hundreds of people.

The power of the nine arrows that exploded was comparable to nine of the previous attacks. They fell like a rain of arrows!

It was like a giant hand that was mercilessly reaching toward Wang Lin, and if he was caught, he would die immediately!

Wang Lin didn’t stop but raised his head. His right hand reached out and he pointed forward.

With one point, everything in the world stopped. The rain of arrows stopped before Wang Lin, and even after Wang Lin slowly walked past it, the rain of arrows remained motionless in the sky.

This terrified Liu Jinbiao. He was startled for a moment and then he quickly avoided the rain of arrows as he felt his scalp tingle. He was afraid they would suddenly start moving and injure him.
