Chapter 1973

“Nine arrows scattering into countless arrows to form a hand. This barely reaches the power of an Empyrean Exalt who passed the seventh palace… The nine of you should have the power of an Empyrean Exalt who passed the fourth palace.

“Worthy of the Li Mansion, your foundation is deep!” Wang Lin said slowly as he walked forward.

“And among the three of you are a 10th palace Ascendant Empyrean and two seventh palace Empyrean Exalts. With your combined power, you can reach the peak of the 10th palace. I didn’t kill anyone along the way, but if you the three of you attack, I will not hold back!” Wang Lin’s gaze swept past the hundreds of people before him and stopped at three different locations.

As his words echoed, three old men appeared in those locations. The old man right before Wang Lin was the person who was an Ascendant Empyrean!

This person’s hair was half black and half white. He stared at Wang Lin with shock and hesitation in his eyes. He seemed to have some speculation about Wang Lin’s cultivation level, but he was uncertain.

“I don’t want to make an enemy out of your Li Mansion. After all, the Li Guang relic has helped me a lot.” Wang Lin talked about how the Li Guang Bow had helped him escape many dangers in the cave world.

“Person who still hasn’t show yourself, why don’t you come out?” Wang Lin suddenly raised his head. Outsiders couldn’t see his appearance, only the monstrous, golden light coming from his eyes.

This golden light contained a powerful pressure, one even more powerful than the pressure from the ancestral city. Everyone, whether it was the Ascendant Empyrean or ordinary family members, felt their hearts tremble.

After the pressure reached a limit, it would become suppression. The golden light from Wang Lin’s gaze was suppression. He was using the power of the Celestial Ancestor’s sword to suppress everything!

Thunderous rumbles echoed. As Wang Lin’s golden gaze spread out, the bows in the hands of the Li Mansion people collapsed into countless pieces.

Even the bows held by the nine Empyrean Exalts broke into several pieces as if they could not withstand the suppression from Wang Lin’s gaze.

As for the three strongest old men, aside from the Ascendant Empyrean, countless cracks appeared on the bows in their hands, and they snapped as well.

Only the Ascendant Empyrean’s bow didn’t break, but the bowstring turned to ashes.

Wang Lin’s roar and suppression gaze made it so no one in the Li Mansion dared to look at him. They all subconsciously scattered, revealing the stone room in the distance.

At this moment, the surroundings became silent. There were no cries, but all the cultivators who had their bows broken all gasped. They were filled with endless fear from Wang Lin’s gaze.

In particular, the Empyrean Exalts seemed to vaguely guess Wang Lin’s identity, and their expressions changed in horror.

“White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean…” A bitter ancient voice came from the stone room after a long time. The door to the stone room was pushed over and a white-haired old man walked out.

This old man was wearing a golden robe and gave off pressure without being angry. Although his expression was bitter, he didn’t avoid Wang Lin’s golden gaze.

Wang Lin raised his right hand and took off his hood, revealing his snow-white hair. He calmly looked at the old man.

When Wang Lin took off his hood, the surrounding people gasped. All gazes gathered on him.

During this year of time, the rumors of Wang Lin had swept across the Immortal Astral Continent. In particular, these rumors were like a storm in the ancestral city, and anyone who should know had heard it many times!

The Li Mansion was one of the four kings of the ancestral city. Almost the entire family had remembered the name “Wang Lin” after hearing the rumors.

They could have never expected to see the strongest Ascendant Empyrean, the number one person below Grand Empyreans!

What worried them even more was that they had actually tried to kill this person!

“Give me an explanation,” Wang Lin said calmly as he looked at the old man who walked out from the stone room. This old man was also an Ascendant Empyrean. Wang Lin estimated that he had passed the 11th palace and was one of the 13 people stuck at the 12th palace.

“The Li Mansion has two Ascendant Empyreans and 11 Empyrean Exalts… And there are three mansions like this in the ancestral city.” After observing the Li Mansion, Wang Lin had an understanding of the four crowned kings of the ancestral city.

“Earlier, the old ancestor’s bow shelf let out a buzz, which means the bow was near. Back then, the old ancestor’s bow was passed to Li Guang and then it disappeared without any news… After noticing the sound from the shelf, this old man sent two Golden Exalts to check, but their behavior was a bit extreme. After all, the old ancestor’s bow is very important to my Li family…” Although the old man was trying to stare into Wang Lin’s eyes, he faintly felt that the suppression force from Wang Lin’s eyes was too powerful.

Wang Lin didn’t speak and still looked at the old man.

“There is nothing false under the fame… Sure enough, this Wang Lin is indeed worthy of being called number one under Grand Empyrans. I didn’t see him pass the palaces myself, so I thought the rumors were exaggerated since I heard he had the soul armor’s help… However, I didn’t expect that just his eyes would produce such pressure!” The ancestor of the Li family silently pondered while being stared at by Wang Lin.

“My Li Mansion was reckless first… White Haired Ascendant Empyrean must have came to the imperial capital for the title ceremony. How about resting at my Li Mansion?

“Let my Li Mansion’s people accompany Ascendant Empyrean to the royal palace as escorts… And since Ascendant Empyrean has the old ancestor’s bow and the bow has helped you, then you are not an outsider.

“My Li Mansion has an Arrow Pavilion, which contains the Arrow Dao left by the old ancestor. Ascendant Empyrean can look at it as you will. How about it? To repay for our recklessness.” The old man clasped his hands and bowed at Wang Lin.

He had brought himself very low, but no one in the Li Mansion felt any humiliation; they even felt that this was how it should be. After all, they were facing the number one person below Grand Empyreans!

This person had been fought over by the Grand Empyreans. Although their Li Mansion was one of the four kings of the ancestral city and was stronger than most sects, they still couldn’t withstand one blow from Wang Lin.

If they injured Wang Lin, a Grand Empyrean would come forward, but if Wang Lin killed them, there was a good chance the Grand Empyreans wouldn’t do anything… This was the gap between the strong and the weak on the Immortal Astral Continent. Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao rarely left the palace, but when he did, no one dared to be disrespectful!

Even the four kings would have to be very respectful to Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao. After all, he was expected to the future sixth sun!

Now Wang Lin had suppressed Ascendant Empyrean Ming Dao. If the Li Mansion knew that the bow was with Wang Lin, they would have pretended to not know and would not have dared to ask for it back.

“Arrow Pavilion?” Wang Lin’s expression changed. He expected this from the Li Mansion. He could see that aside from fear in the old man’s eyes, there was also longing for his ancestor’s bow.

They couldn’t take it, so they treated Wang Lin with respect in hopes that Wang Lin would return the bow.

“This bow…” Wang Lin raised his right hand, light gathered, and the Li Guang Bow appeared in Wang Lin’s hand. The moment the bow appeared, there was a flash of excitement in the old man’s eyes.

He had seen this bow in Li Guang’s hand, but now it was in the hands of an outsider.

The Li family members all silently pondered and looked at the bow. Some of them had seen it, and many others had never seen it.

“I still have some use for this bow. Once I’m done with everything, I’ll return it.” Wang Lin waved his hand and the bow disappeared back into his body.

The old man from the Li family let out a sigh but wasn’t disappointed. After all, Wang Lin had made a promise and stated his identity, so there was no need to lie. This meant that Wang Lin had the intention to return it, so he might as well consider it as lending him the bow for now.

Most importantly, the bow had been found by Wang Lin, so how could it be returned just because it belonged to them countless years ago? If he placed himself in Wang Lin’s shoes, he feared he wouldn’t even have made that promise.

Wang Lin didn’t refuse staying at the Li Mansion. He now knew that Xu Liguo was at the ancestral city, so he was in no rush in unsealing his memory. He stayed at the Li Mansion to view the Arrow Dao.

Liu Jinbiao was extremely happy. With Wang Lin as his master, he was received as an esteemed guest and was very happy.

In a flash, three days passed. On the afternoon of the third day, snow was falling. Suddenly, a large amount of ripples appeared over the Li Mansion along with bursts of pressure.

This pressure surrounded the Li Mansion, causing the people of the Li Mansion to walk out and look at the sky.

There was a flash of golden light and a person walked out. He wore a green robe and looked somewhat arrogant. He held a scroll in his hand, and he looked down at the people of the Li Mansion.

“Where is Wang Lin? Why are not not quickly coming to accept the edict!”

“Read it!” Wang Lin’s cold voice came from the depths of the Li Manison’s Arrow Pavilion.

“You…” The green-robed person in the sky was startled. He was here to read the will of the Celestial Emperor, which was equal to the Celestial Emperor personally coming, but this Wang Lin wouldn’t even reveal his face.

After hesitating for a moment, the man in the green robe let out a cold snort in his heart, but he didn’t dare to show his displeasure. He opened up the edict in his hand and began to read.

Wang Lin didn’t listen to the specifics and just heard that the Celestial Emperor had informed him to be at the celestial palace in seven days for the title ceremony!

Wang Lin had heard in the Purple Yang Sect that every Ascendant Empyrean would be personally titled by the current Celestial Emperor. This was a formality and a symbol.

During the ceremony, there was a possibility of being challenged, but in the past, it was mostly ignored. After all, Ascendant Empyreans were receiving the recognition of the Celestial Ancestor’s shadow, and few people were that bored.

After the man in the green robe finished reading, he didn’t see Wang Lin come out and felt even more dissatisfied. He left the edict behind and then went on his way.

“I wonder what Lian Daozhen will do at the title ceremony… I should be able to see the madman there…” Wang Lin silently pondered. He had spread his divine sense across the eastern city but didn’t find Ling Daofei.
