Chapter 1974

The center of the ancestral city, the Celestial Imperial Palace!

In the early morning, when the first ray of light appeared over the horizon and pushed away the darkness, causing the palace to become visible, the various famous cultivators of the city and important officials all arrived.

The title ceremony for the White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean. This event had set off a storm in the ancestral city seven days ago!

Over the years, everyone who was qualified had heard about the White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean. This title had also become very famous and well known over the years.

All of the cultivation families came to the very large square after receiving permission from the Celestial Emperor to come to today’s title ceremony.

At this moment, the sun fell and a large amount of cultivators gathered. At a glance, there were no less than 10,000 cultivators. They all had extraordinary cultivation levels, and there were even Empyrean Exalts among them.

There were even some Ascendant Empyreans. Even at the imperial palace, these people received the respect of the people near them.

In the early morning of this day, the transfer array outside the palace was being used constantly. The transfer array seemed to flicker nonstop as cultivators who came to see the ceremony arrived.

These people went through the nine doors and quickly walked toward the square before the Celestial Dao Temple.

More and more cultivators arrived in the square before the Celestial Dao Temple. They were not loosely scattered, but arranged in a certain order. There were three locations that were empty for 1,000 feet.

The cultivators at those three locations were three of the four kings of the ancestral city!

In the square outside the Celestial Dao Temple, aside from the tens of thousands of guests who had come to watch, there were also two long rows of soldiers in black armor.

These black-armored soldiers belonged to the imperial family and were only loyal to the emperor. Their cultivation levels weren’t all that high and they only numbered 100,000. However, they had all mastered the ability to sacrifice their life force in exchange for a terrifyingly lethal force.

Few people knew the specifics, but at this moment, the two rows of black-armored soldiers gave off a monsterous killing intent and coldness.

These two rows seemed to cut open the square and directly extended beyond the nine doors!

Outside the square of the Celestial Dao Temple, there were nine doors placed 100,000 feet apart from each other. In truth, they were nine huge door-shaped buildings that were black and gave off a powerful killing intent. At the end of the last door, there was a flash as the Li family members appeared. They went through the nine doors and arrived at the square.

“The time is up, seal the nine doors!” Shortly after, a figure in green walked out from the temple. This was an old man who looked ordinary, but his eyes shined brightly. He looked around as he walked out from the temple.

As his words echoed, the tens of thousands of people from the ancestral city all came and looked at the nine doors of the square!

Thunderous roars came from the 100,000 black-armored soldiers, and their roars linked together. The world changed colors and the earth trembled. The nine doors gave off a strange, black light, and once the black light reached a certain density, they connected together to form a straight passage!

This passage was made by the black light and the 100,000 black-armored soldiers looked amazing!

At this moment, the tens of thousands of cultivators beside the square seemed to have stopped breathing. They looked at the passage formed by the nine doors and also at the transfer light coming from the first door.

There was a flash of light and then a calm young man in white with white hair walked out.

Standing there, Wang Lin had his hands behind his back. The early morning wind caused his robe and white hair to flutter.

In the wind, Wang Lin looked very young, but the tail of time was on his body. Even though his face remained young, his heart felt fatigue. As he walked forward, the tail of time slowly appeared.

His gaze penetrated through the black passage formed by the nine doors. He saw the tens of thousands of people in the distance and the towering grand palace behind them.

Behind the palace, Wang Lin could vaguely see countless of such palaces. These palaces formed the Celestial Emperor’s Imperial Palace!

This palace was too big. Wang Lin couldn’t see its end, but he could feel that there was an unimaginable restriction there. It wasn’t active now, but if it was activated, the power would be heaven-shattering!

“Is the Celestial Imperial Palace…” Wang Lin looked into the distance and saw a stone statue far away, but because it was so far away, it looked fuzzy. The statue seemed to be eternally looking at the sky.

“White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean Wang Lin!” A cold voice filled with majesty roared like thunder from the temple ahead and interrupted Wang Lin’s thoughts. Wang Lin frowned.

The person who spoke was the green-robed old man who had walked out from the temple. He looked through the nine doors at Wang Lin in the distance.

“Wang Lin, every Ascendant Empyrean will be titled by his majesty, but before the title ceremony, there needs to be a test. The test is these nine doors. Once you walk through the nine doors and stand before me, the title ceremony will begin!

“At that time, His Majesty will personally come to title you and the Imperial Teacher will come divinate your future! All your actions before the Celestial Dao Temple will recorded and displayed across all the sects across the 72 continents!” The old man’s words were calm. When he finished, he closed his eyes and no longer paid any attention.

However, all the cultivators, including the four kings, looked at Wang Lin.

Wang Lin stood there. He had heard about the title ceremony from the old man from the Li family. Every Ascendant Empyrean would indeed go through the nine doors before the title ceremony.

However, this was only a symbolic gesture. After all, Ascendant Empyreans were recognized by the Celestial Ancestor and had to pass the 10th palace. The doors were just a show of imperial power and, in fact, had no power, so one could simply walk through them.

Wang Lin’s gaze swept past the nine doors and he saw the two long rows of black-armored soldiers. The soldiers only revealed their cold gazes that stared at Wang Lin.

Wang Lin expression didn’t change under the gazes of the 100,000 black-armored soldiers. He acted on his own principles. If these nine doors were normal, then it would be fine, but if there were hidden dangers, then Wang Lin wouldn’t be polite.

Wang Lin calmly walked toward the first door. He was not fast. When he was about to step into the first door, the 100,000 black-armored soldiers let out another roar.

As the roar echoed, monstrous killing intent spread out from their bodies. They gathered to form an indescribable force that bombarded Wang Lin.

This killing intent came from the slaughter these 100,000 people had participated in and was also connected to their suits of armor. All this killing intent gathered together made Wang Lin feel like he was not facing the nine doors, but a slaughter celestial!

Wang Lin frowned!

“What the nine doors test is not cultivation, but killing intent… Since that’s the case, I won’t be polite.” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he slowly closed them. When he opened his eyes again, his thunder essence true body released the power of the slaughter thunder!

This force only existed within 100 feet of Wang Lin, but just this 100 foot space caused the passage formed by the nine doors to rumble loudly.

The passage before Wang Lin was suddenly pushed back 100 feet as if it could only retreat when facing Wang Lin’s killing intent.

Wang Lin didn’t stop and continued to walk forward. However, with every step he took, the 100 feet of killing intent moved with him and the passage was constantly pushed back. Even the black-armored soldiers inside were shocked and involuntarily retreated. It was as if Wang Lin contained a shocking momentum, and this momentum contained enough killing intent to make one surrender without fighting!

1,000 feet, 10,000 feet, 100,000 feet! Wang Lin calmly walked forward 100,000 feet. There was no black light behind him, only the stone door!

Before him, the passage formed by the black light that covered the remaining eight doors became unstable as Wang Lin pushed it back.

Roar!! The black-armored soldier inside the black passage that had been pushed back 100,000 feet let out a third roar. The black light expanded and formed a black tiger before the temple. The tiger pounced at Wang Lin.

“All of you, back down!” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and the Heavenly Bull tattoo on his face flashed. He then threw a punch with his right hand and the soul armor disappeared from his body.

When this punch landed, the world rumbled and the tiger shadow collapsed. The black passage formed by the remaining eight doors collapsed along with the black light. The 100,000 black-armored soldiers all coughed out blood and were knocked back, but no one died.

Wang Lin’s pupils shrank an undetectable amount as he carefully looked at the 100,000 soldiers. He calmly walked passed through the remaining eight doors and arrived before the Celestial Dao Temple. His gaze sharply looked at the retreating old man in green!

“You, also back down for me!” Wang Lin coldly looked at the green-robed old man.
