Chapter 1982

“You… Who are you?!” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi was extremely pale. Her beautiful eyes were filled with indescribable fear. Her body subconsciously retreated as Wang Lin walked over.

“Wang Lin? I’m not called Wang Lin. My name… I should be… Slaughter!” The black-haired Wang Lin slowly walked toward Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. His expression was cold, without any emotion; it was extremely indifferent..

Wang Lin’s five-element true body had an extremely serious expression. He was beside Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi, staring at the black-haired Wang Lin. Around him, the thunder essence, the absolute beginning essence, and the three ethereal essences lit up as if they were joining together to resist the black-haired Wang Lin.

“Slaughter has descended onto this world and replaced light to become destruction… All life must endure endless suffering…” Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi retreated in fear when Wang Lin’s five-element true body walked forward. He represented his many essences to confront the black-haired Wang Lin.

“You’re just my five-element true body and essences, and you want to stop me?” The black-haired Wang Lin looked at the five-element true body.

“Since I appeared, I’ll not return until the slaughter and destruction are complete! You… disappear!” The black-haired wang Lin’s eyes contained no light as he waved his hand at the five-element true body.

With this wave, the five-element true body revealed a sign of struggle but instantly collapsed. The true body turned back into the five essences and flew toward black-haired Wang Lin’s right hand before disappearing.

“Now, tell me who you are!” The black-haired Wang Lin stopped before Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi and looked at her. His voice was cold and contained killing intent.

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s face was pale and she opened her mouth to say something, but in the end, didn’t say anything.

“Jiu Di didn’t invite me to Mount Emperor, isn’t that the case?

“This trap used you as bait to lure me out, isn’t that the case?

“Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi, your identity, aside from being a disciple of Grand Empyrean Jiu Di, you should also be part of the Imperial Teacher’s sect. Isn’t that the case?

“Back at the Mountain Sea, the broken palm didn’t go crazy. It chose to attack you because you are the same as me - neither of us belongs to the Immortal Astral Continent. I came from the cave world, and you… came from outside the Immortal Astral Continent…

“That is to say, the Imperial Teacher’s sect came from outside the Immortal Astral Continent…” the black-haired Wang Lin said calmly, and every word made Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s face even paler. She bit her lower lip and remained silent for a long time before looking up at Wang Lin.

“My original body is still a bit too soft… He should have seen through it, but he chose not to believe it.” The black-haired Wang Lin shook his head. His gaze was heartless as he raised his palm and smashed down on Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi.

He was going to kill her!

This palm was enough to destroy Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi’s body and origin soul!

Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi didn’t dodge. She closed her eyes and tears flowed from the corner of her eyes. She didn’t explain anything at all.

The palm closed in on Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi. It was less than three inches away and she looked like she was about to collapse. At this moment, a sharp force that could break the world appeared out of thin air behind Empyrean Exalt Gai Zi. This force turned into a figure that had a slightly hunched back and looked like an old man. His left hand pulled Hai Zi back, and at the same time, he raised his right hand up to meet Wang Lin’s palm.

A thunderous rumble echoed and the black-haired Wang Lin’s body trembled as he was knocked back. Popping sounds echoed inside his body as if he was going to explode. After he retreated seven steps, his body collapsed into black gas but instantly reformed.

The black-haired Wang Lin stopped at the ninth step. His expression was neutral and he was not surprised at all as he coldly looked at the old man that had saved Hai Zi.

“Jiu Di!”

The old man was Grand Empyrean Jiu Di. His expression was serious. After saving Hai Zi, he also looked at Wang Lin.

The black-haired Wang Lin calmly said, “In this trap, aside from the Imperial Teacher’s power, there is also you.”

“Destruction and slaughter… I had wondered what you used to pass the 17th palace. With your cultivation level, just the soul armor is not enough to reach that level...

“So it turns out you have the power that represents slaughter and destruction!” Jiu Di’s pupils shrank slightly. That palm contained the power of a Grand Empyrean, but it had only forced Wang Lin back nine steps!

“Is this the reason you participated in this trap… or did you only notice this trap and took advantage of the situation to resolve the doubts in your mind?” The black-haired Wang Lin’s calm eyes became even more cold. After he spoke, he actually charged toward Jiu Di!

This was his first time attacking a Grand Empyrean!

However, his charge didn’t cause Jiu Di to feel contempt - it made him become even more serious. He raised his right hand and the world changed colors. The wind and snow condensed into a huge snow sword that swept toward Wang Lin.

“I represent destruction and control slaughter…” The black-haired Wang Lin raised his hand and punched at the snow sword as it fell!

This punch collided with the snow sword and a thunderous rumble echoed. The snow sword collapsed, but Wang Lin’s body also collapsed into countless strands of black gas. He suddenly changed directions and rushed toward Jiu Di.

Jiu Di frowned. As the large amount of black gas closed in, he raised his hand and formed a circle before him. In an instant, bright light shined like the sun had appeared. This light formed a seal, and it rapidly spread from his hand.

The light scattered and collided with the incoming black gas. It was like a confrontation between darkness and light. The light dissipated and Jiu Di didn’t move at all, but his eyes revealed a monstrous light!

The black gas before him covered the light and reformed into the black-haired Wang Lin before Jiu Di.

“You can’t beat this old man!” Grand Empyrean Jiu Di looked at Wang Lin. His old face showed signs of returning toward middle age as his eyes shined.

The black-haired Wang Lin slowly said, “You can’t hide from destruction and slaughter.”

“White-Haired Ascendant Empyrean… Black-Haired Ascendant Empyrean… Wang Lin, I underestimated you! This time, Hai Zi is innocent. I will give this to you and the matter today is over!” Jiu Di reached at the void and there was a flash of golden light. A palm-sized golden fragment appeared in his hand.

“I have observed your body and found traces of this sword. This fragment can help your metal essence reach completion!” Jiu Di waved his right hand and the fragment flew toward Wang Lin. It floated before him motionlessly.

After giving him the sword fragment, Jiu Di looked at Wang Lin profoundly. He then turned and left with Empyrean Exalt Hai Zi, who was still silently pondering.

After he disappeared, the seal around the street disappeared, but the ruins would remain eternally.

In the distance, the sun gradually appeared to dissipate the darkness and shroud the earth in light.

The black-haired Wang Lin stood there and looked up at the sky. He silently pondered for a long time.

As time passed, the sun rose into the sky and the light spread out like a ripple. The light rapidly spread across the eastern city.

When the ripples that represented the light arrived at the street, Wang Lin still didn’t move. He looked at the light that got closer and closer until it swept past his body.

His hair gradually turned white from black as the light swept by. The coldness and indifference in his eyes turned into fatigue and bleakness.

Wang Lin didn’t use any method to forcibly suppress the slaughter from descending on his original body, because he understood that once his slaughter descended, nothing could be changed.

“From now on, under the sun, I’m white-haired Wang Lin… In the dark, I’m black-haired Slaughter… Like the sunrise and sunset, it is very difficult to change. Fortunately, I have the power from the avatar in the void to suppress it slightly and remain conscious.”

Black and white eternally remained on Wang Lin’s body.

Wang Lin sighed. He no longer intended to pursue Hai Zi. He waved his right hand to take the sword fragment and picked up the Heavenly Bull soul armor before walking into the distance.

“It’s time to leave… Everything in this celestial clan, whether it is its secret or origin, I no longer want to think about it.”

Wang Lin’s figure disappeared into the distance. It was now dawn and the snow continued to fall.

This snow lasted for a long time. In the early morning two days later, the snow had covered the earth like a thick layer of cotton clothing.

On the early morning after two days, Wang Lin, Liu Jinbiao, and the sea dragon stood outside the eastern gate. He looked behind at the ancestral city and calmly waited.

Shortly after, as Liu Jinbiao waited in excitement, he saw two figures appear in the distance. One of them wore a big red shirt, it was Xu Liguo.

Xu Liguo’s face was filled with confusion. He felt like something had been calling him in these last few days. It was due to this feeling that he arrived at the eastern gate.

Beside him, the madman walked with swagger. He had also come here because he felt that something was calling him, like with Xu Liguo. It made him upset, so he had decided to come.

“Eh? It’s you! Damn it, you still to appear before this king!?” When the madman saw Wang Lin, his eyes immediately widened. He rolled up his sleeves and was about to rush forward.

When Xu Liguo saw Wang Lin, he was also startled.

Wang Lin sighed as he looked at the madman charging at him. He looked at Xu Liguo and slowly said, “Xu Liguo, I’m about to leave. Are you going to stay here or come with me?”

When his words entered Xu Liguo’s mind, they his mind to rumble. A layer of seal was loosened and the memories of the past appeared in his mind.
