Chapter 1392 – Sixth Generation Vermillion Bird

At this moment, Liu Jinbiao was no longer desolate. He stood there, and although his clothes were still in tatters, an indescribable feeling shrouded him.

"This is the old man has reached the second realm of deception. Don't you all think this is easy? Deceiving yourself once is easy, but deceiving yourself for a lifetime is difficult. Deceiving yourself all the time would affect your origin soul, and even your memory would change!

"Even powerful cultivators that have reached the second step can't find real memories using soul search, because all the real memories have collapsed!

"The second realm is to deceive ourselves! At the peak, one either loses themselves and becomes someone else, or they can be reborn and remember themselves. Then they can break through the second realm and be able to turn back to themselves at any moment. Such a person is rare, and they would reach the third step of returning back to one's true form!

"If it wasn't for the fact that I relied on the jade so much that my dao heart isn't strong, which made my dao of deception stop, then not even Lord Celestial could catch me so easily!

"Now that you took my jade and destroyed what I relied on, it gave me a chance. In the storage space, my deception reached the peak of the second realm and I took half a step into the third realm!" Liu Jinbiao waved his sleeve and revealed a cold expression.

Wang Lin's eyes lit up and he slowly said, "That's kind of interesting…"

After Xu Liguo was yelled at by Liu Jinbiao, he didn't yell back but pondered for a bit. His gaze toward Liu Jinbiao changed before he clasped his hands and said, "Fellow Cultivator Jingbiao's words have widened my horizons. In the 3,000 grand daos, there is the dao of deception! Good, good, good! I want to know if the dao I seek is also among the 3,000 grand daos!"

Liu Jinbiao's eyes were filled with joy, as if he had changed into a different person. The pride and indifference he previously had collapsed in an instant. His back was still hunched and there was still a hint of fear in his eyes. "Just a little deception skill nothing worthy of mentioning to Lord Xu. As long as Lord Xu doesn't bully this little one too much, this little one will be satisfied."

His change was so sudden, it even startled Xu Liguo. He cursed in his heart and didn't know what to say.

Wang Lin's eyes revealed a strange light. He carefully looked at Liu Jinbiao and slowly said, "I can give you a chance. If you do it well, I'll let you go and even give you a great fortune!"

Liu Jinbiao's body trembled and he looked at Wang Lin.

"You are often just deceiving one person or one sect, but now I want you to deceive an entire clan. Do you dare?" Wang Lin's voice was calm, but when Liu Jinbiao heard this, his heart skipped a beat.

Liu Jinbiao hesitated and whispered, "This… In truth, it doesn't matter who I'm deceiving, but to set it up requires detailed preparations…"

"No problem, you have three months to prepare! You said that the second realm of deception is to deceive yourself so that even your memory changes. So I'll give you a set of memories!" The blue fire in Wang Lin's left eye surged out and surrounded Liu Jinbiao, forming a ball of fire. Xu Liguo immediately retreated and revealed a hint of terror.

"This fiend's cultivation level has increased again!!"

Time slowly passed. In the blink of an eye, one month went by. In this month, Xu Liguo wanted to leave the cave to enjoy himself, but just as he was about to leave, he would be stopped by the restrictions.

After trying a few times, Xu Liguo continued to curse as he stared outside and began to daydream.

On this day, Xu Liguo was still in a daze when he suddenly looked back. Deep within the cave, the fireball had been burning there for a month.

Shortly after, a violent roar came from the fireball and the fire from the fireball formed a large Vermillion Bird, and it let out a cry!

Then a figure slowly appeared from the fireball. At first the figure was blurry, but it became more clear as the person walked out!

Xu Liguo's pupils shrank and he was startled. He vaguely felt like the person who walked out was familiar, and when he took a closer look, his eyes almost popped out.

The figure walked out from the fireball and stood before Xu Liguo. His clothes were still in tatters, but it didn't weaken his sense of majesty at all.

Liu Jinbiao looked exactly the same, but the feeling he gave Xu Liguo was like heaven and earth from before. The Liu Jinbiao now was like a master of a generation!

As he stood there, an invisible pressure came from him. It was strong enough to shock anyone who saw him.

A fire surrounded Liu Jinbiao and revealed the appearance of a Vermillion Bird. His gaze was indifferent and calm. He displayed his might without being angry, and when his gaze swept past Xu Liguo, it even caused Xu Liguo to suck in a breath of cold air.

Liu Jinbaio's cultivation was erratic; sometimes it was extremely powerful and sometimes ordinary, but it was this change that made him mysterious. Although his gaze was indifferent, there was a sense of age deep within his eyes.

This sense of age wasn't something an ordinary cultivator could have. It was a sense of exhaustion that only appeared after someone had lived for tens of thousands of years and had seen through life!

This was an exhaustion of life, it was something that appeared after living for far too long.

Xu Liguo was completely startled. He couldn't tell if this was the same Liu Jinbiao he had bullied in the storage space. Although the two looked the same, the feelings they gave off were like two completely different people.

"This… You…" Just as Xu Liguo opened his mouth, Liu Jinbaio coldly looked at Xu Liguo. This glance caused Xu Liguo's scalp to go numb and he subconsciously took a few steps back.

"This old man is the sixth generation Vermillion Bird Divine Emperor! I'm looking for the fourth generation Vermillion Bird Divine Emperor. I was seriously injured by the Sealed Realm Formation when leaving the Inner Realm!" Liu Jinbiao said, giving off a sense of majesty as if he was above all. This aura could only appear when someone had been in a high position that controlled the life and death of tens of thousands of people for a long time.

At this moment, he had long forgotten he was once a scammer. His memory had changed and he believed he really was the sixth generation Vermillion Bird Divine Emperor!

Even if a powerful cultivator searched his soul, they wouldn't find any flaws; all the memories they would obtain would be real!

Liu Jinbiao coldly stepped forward.

At this moment, Wang Lin's voice came out from the blue fireball in the cave.

"Xu Liguo, serve the sixth generation Vermilion Bird Divine Emperor and listen to all his orders. If you disobey him, I'll erase your existence!"

Xu Liguo's body trembled and he quickly nodded before following Liu Jinbiao. The restrictions on the cave were automatically opened, allowing the two to leave.

Aside from Liu Jinbiao, no one knew what Wang Lin left on him in that month… After the two of them left, the fireball gradually disappeared and returned to Wang Lin's left eye. He still calmly sat there, and there was a flash of wisdom in his eyes.

"The second bait has been set… Fire Sparrow Clan, don't disappoint me!"

Wang Lin revealed a sneer and waved his hand, causing a rift to his storage space to appear. A statue flew out. It was the one he got from Greed.

"Greed has gifted me a lot of treasure. I need to imprint my divine sense on all of them and learn of their powers so I can display their full strength in battle!

"This statue is obviously his most powerful treasure; otherwise, he wouldn't have taken it out last!" Wang Lin's eyes lit up. Not everyone could reach the second realm of deception like Liu Jinbiao and change the memories in their mind. At least Greed couldn't.

Wang Lin had searched Greed's memory and learned that what he had said was mostly true. He had also learned two key points from Greed's memory!

The first key point was where the vortex had appeared in Allheaven.

The second point was where Greed had appeared after coming out from that ancient tomb!

"These two points should be useful to me. I should search that location in the Ancient Star System as I might find some gains! As for the tomb, it is very like the rumored Ancient Order Tomb!" Wang Lin's gaze swept past the statue as he pondered.

"Who the hell is this statue… Why would it appear in that tomb…" Wang Lin pondered for a long time before he extended his divine sense toward the statue.

However, just as his divine sense was going to touch the statue, his eyes lit up!

"Perhaps she will recognize it!" Wang Lin's eyes lit up and he waved his right hand, creating a second spatial rift!

Wang Lin had opened this spatial rift just for one person!

Silver moonlight came out from the rift and filled the cave. A beautiful woman slowly walked out from the rift. It was the woman in silver who had regained some of her memories!

Wang Lin asked, "Do you know him?"

The woman in silver put her hair behind her ear and looked at the statue after walking out. At this moment, her pupils shrank and she was stunned for a moment before she began to scream!
