Chapter 1393 – Seven Colors Again (1)

Her scream was harsh and miserable, containing a great amount of fear. It was as if this man had done so much harm to her that even though her memories hadn't fully recovered, she couldn't help but let out a such a miserable scream.

The woman in silver's sudden change was not something Wang Lin had expected and something he had never seen before from her. He quickly stood up and put away the statue.

The woman in silver had already retreated to the edge of the cave. Her body was filled with monstrous fear and her body trembled violently. Her face was pale, and at a glance she was like a lonely boat in a stormy sea, extremely pitiful.

Wang Lin was about to move forward when the woman suddenly raised her head. The fear in her eyes was unimaginably strong as she snapped, "Don't come over!"

The voice was filled with loss and helplessness. There was also a distrust of all living things in the world. At this moment, she didn't even trust Wang Lin.

Wang Lin silently stood there and felt remorse. He only wanted to find out the identity of the statue, but he didn't expect she would display such fear.

Sounds of weeping came from the woman and two streams of tears flowed down her cheeks. The drops of tears made soft sounds as they fell on the floor.

The tears shattered in the ground, forming a wet mark that gradually spread.

"Don't come over… Don't come over… I didn't make a mistake… I didn't open the door… I didn't…." The woman bit her lower lip, held her body against the wall, and slowly curled up. Tears flowed nonstop from her eyes as her shoulders trembled. Anyone who saw this would feel a sense of pity.

Wang Lin slienty pondered. After a long time, he whispered, "I'm sorry…"

The woman was still curled up and her weeping was still filled with intense fear.

Wang Lin slowly moved forward and slowly arrived next to the woman. He gently knelt down and touched her hair. He softly said, "Don't be afraid, it is all in the past now… Don't think about it. Since you have forgotten, just forget about it."

Listening to Wang Lin's soft, comforting words, the woman gradually calmed down. She was still shaking, and after a long time, she slowly raised her head. There was still deep fear in her eyes, and she had bit her lower lip so hard that it was bleeding.

"I didn't open the door… It really wasn't me…" the woman murmured as she looked at Wang Lin. Aside from fear, there was also confusion in her eyes.

"I know, I know…" Wang Lin whispered, but his eyes revealed a strange light. The woman apparently knew the person the statue represented and likely had come in contract with that person!

Who the hell was this person? Wang Lin's eyes lit up!

Wang Lin softly said, "I know it wasn't you who opened the door, don't think about it anymore."

The woman didn't seem to hear Wang Lin's words. Her eyes alternated between confusion and fear as she continue to murmur, "All dead… All been killed…

"Peach Cloud is dead… Purple Fall is also dead… All dead…

"He was certain we opened the door… All dead, I also died…"

Wang Lin silently pondered for a moment and then looked at the trembling woman. After pondering for a long time, he suddenly asked, "Who is he?"

"He is…" The woman in silver trembled and the fear in her eyes increased several fold. At the same time, her expression began to distort as a sharp pain washed over her.

Under this intense pain, the woman began to scream once more. It was as if she didn't want to remember, to think about anything related to that person.

Under this intense pain, a green gas appeared on her face as if it was moving under face. A bizarre mark that covered her entire face appeared. The previously beautiful woman suddenly became like a demon.

She suddenly raised her head. The fear and confusion in her eyes had dissipated. Instead, it was replaced with apathy and death. At this moment, a powerful force erupted from her body like a storm.

Wang Lin's mind trembled and he immediately felt a powerful sense of danger. He retreated without hesitation. Just as he retreated, the woman raised her right hand and mercilessly pressed it toward Wang Lin.

This palm didn't use any origin energy, but it caused the entire planet to tremble. The sky was originally bright and clear, but in an instant, it turned black as if dyed by ink!

This darkness covered the sun and blocked out the sky; the entire planet was now dark! In this darkness, a rumble echoed. This wasn't thunder, but a sound much more powerful than thunder. A huge rift was opened up in the sky by this sound!

This rift was different from normal spatial rifts, it was far deeper! The depth of this rift was something that couldn't be explained. It was as if this rift led to a mysterious and unfathomable space deep within the star system!

The moment the rift appeared, green gas rushed out and charged at Wang Lin's cave. The restrictions weren't able to stop the green gas at all. It charged through and circled around the woman's right palm!

Although this all sounds slow, it happened in an instant. The instant the woman raised her right hand, the green gas arrived!

"This is not spiritual energy, celestial spiritual energy, origin energy, ancient demon power, ancient devil power, or ancient god power!!!" Wang Lin's pupils shrank as he rapidly retreated.

The woman's right hand suddenly descended and the green gas suddenly gathered to form a green palm that chased after Wang Lin!

In the blink of an eye, the palm closed in. Wang Lin's right hand formed a seal and the origin energy in his body surged to form a giant vortex that collided with the palmprint.

There was a thunderous bang and the vortex collapsed. The palmprint wasn't damaged at all and had pierced through.

Wang Lin was still retreating and used the collapse of the vortex to leave the cave. Thunder flashed in his right eye and shot out, forming a giant, thunder tattoo!

Nine accompanying types of thunder circled the thunder essence, causing the thunder tattoo to give off a heaven-shattering rumble. The accompanying thunders rotated and blocked the palmprint.

The resulting thunderous rumbles were several times more intense than before. The thunder tattoo was pushed back. As for the palmprint, a large amount of the green gas dissipated before chasing after Wang Lin once more.

There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin's eyes and his right foot took a step back. He stopped and no longer retreated. His right hand reached at the void and a monstrous blood light flashed as the blood sword appeared in his hand.

Holding the blood sword, the moment the palmprint penetrated the thunder tattoo, he let out a cold snort and mercilessly chopped down!

The blood light instantly shined brightly. It was like a sea of blood had descended on the palmprint. The sword paused for a moment when it collided with the palmprint before slicing it in half!

The palmprint suddenly collapsed, but the green gas didn't dissipate. It condensed into a ball and was able to return into the rift in the sky.

Wang Lin suddenly opened his eyes. There was a salty taste in his mouth as blood flowed out from his mouth and eyes, but he held them back. His expression became cold as he flew up holding the blood sword. As the green ball of gas flew toward the rift, Wang Lin mercilessly reached toward it!

"Come down!"

The world trembled and a giant, illusory palm appeared and grabbed the ball of green gas!

The moment the green gas was caught by Wang Lin, the rift in the sky immediately closed and disappeared. The darkness disappeared and light returned to the earth.

Wang Lin's expression was gloomy as he appeared in the cave holding the ball of green gas. What he saw caused him to frown.

The woman in silver had passed out and her face was ashen. Her body was unconsciously trembling and she was still muttering.

"It wasn't me… It wasn't me who opened the door… It wasn't me…"

With a gloomy expression, Wang Lin arrived next to the woman. His left hand formed many restrictions that landed on the woman.

After doing all of this, he was still frowning as he looked at the green gas in his right hand!

"This is another force outside of origin energy! This isn't the power of Joss Flames or essence, but it's very similar to essence! What exactly is it… Does it have anything to do with that statue… This woman in silver has too many secrets… What exactly is her identity!?

"One of the eight ancient imperial concubines…" Wang Lin couldn't figure it out.

"This woman said that Joss Flame is poisonous. At first I thought she had cultivated Joss Flames and ended up like this due to it… However, looking at it now, it doesn't seem that simple!

"Could it be that she knew Joss Flame was poisonous before she cultivated it?"

There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin's eyes as he stared at the unconscious woman. After a long time, he raised his hand and pressed it down on her forehead. He used the soul search spell he still hadn't used on her!

"There is no hatred between us and I don't intend to hurt you. However, you have too many secrets that are important to me. With my cultivation level, as long as I'm careful, I won't damage your mind while using soul search!"

Wang Lin's eyes closed as his divine sense entered the woman's forehead through his right hand.
