Chapter 762 – Chance (1)

The Blood Ancestor's voice was filled with killing intent, and it filled the storage space. The mountains were torn apart and the valleys melted. More than 1,000 restrictions activated, causing the storage space to enter its final stage of collapse.

At this moment, the Blood Ancestor's eyes were bloodshot and he was almost crazy. His speed was unimaginable; he immediately arrived next to the reinforced transfer array.

It was like the storage space was being burned by a black flame behind him. The flame was ferocious and wanted to devour the Blood Ancestor.

Just as the Blood Ancestor was about to step into the transfer array and leave, the expression of Wang Lin, who was being chased by the red needle, instantly darkened. Although his divine sense inside the celestial guard was destroyed, the celestial guard wasn't completely refined by the blood sea yet.

Through his connection he had with the celestial guard, Wang Lin was able to see the transfer array flash and the Blood Ancestor's figure was quickly condensing.

Wang Lin knew that he would without a doubt die without any chance for survival if the Blood Ancestor escaped.

Under the moment of crisis, he let out a sigh and made a decisive decision.

"I wasn't able to complete my promise. I'll make it up to you in the future!"

Outside the transfer array, the eyes of the celestial guard, who was trapped inside the blood sea, shined brightly. The light was so bright that it covered his whole body and burst forth along with a destructive aura.

It was as if a storm was setting off in the celestial guard's body and rays of golden light were shooting out from its body like swords. The self explosion of an Illusory Yin cultivator created a terrifying destructive force that allowed the celestial guard to charge out from the Blood Ancestor's spell.

Although the Blood Ancestor's spell no longer had control of the celestial guard, it was still extraordinary. As it refined the celestial guard, it managed to reduce the power of the self-explosion by nearly 60%.

The celestial guard charged out with 40% of the self-explosion power and arrived next to the transfer array. The moment the Blood Ancestor appeared, the celestial guard glowed like the sun.

A powerful explosion erupted at this moment.

Under the power of this destructive force, the transfer array immediately collapsed into specks of light and disappeared.

Inside the storage space, half of the Blood Ancestor's body had entered the transfer array. He let out a roar and was forced out. He watched the transfer array rapidly dissipate. It was as if thousands of years were compressed into a single breath.

At the moment of crisis, the Blood Ancestor's body emitted a strange light. He looked at the restriction ball Yao Xixue was in and crushed it without any hesitation!

Under the destructive force of the storage space, even if Yao Xixue ate a Blood Soul Pill, it wouldn't be enough with just one. This was why the Blood Ancestor personally crushed the restriction sphere to let Yao Xixue revive. With the Blood Ancestor's understanding of the Blood Soul Pill, he knew that she had already taken a Blood Soul Pill.

Behind him, the black flame came and the red light shined from the Blood Ancestor like crazy. He wanted to postpone the collapse and buy time so Yao Xixue wouldn't be affected during her resurrection process.

The Blood Ancestor opened his arms and his mid stage Nirvana Cleanser cultivation burst forth without reserve. Waves of blood light came out from his body and blocked the black flames that were devouring everything.

His body was instantly covered and the flames began burning him. Intense pain that he hadn't felt for tens of thousands of years filled his body. However, the Blood Ancestor didn't care. He focused all of his power into protecting the 30 feet before him to prevent Yao Xixue's divine sense from dissipating.

Several breaths of time were like tens of thousands of years. Under the protection of her father suppressing the collapse, Yao Xixue's resurrection process wasn't affected by the collapse of the storage space.

Red light filled the area where Yao Xixue hid her Blood Soul Pill in the Demon Spirit Land and Yao Xixue's figure slowly appeared.

After she appeared, she looked up at the sky. Her eyes were filled with sorrow and unforgettable killing intent.

After seeing his own daughter's divine sense safely leave, the Blood Ancestor revealed a kind, fatherly smile. Then his own body was surrounded by the black flames.

At this moment, he took out three Blood Soul Pills. He didn't devour them but crushed them all!

There were only 13 Blood Soul Pills left! Most of them were with Yao Xixue, and the Blood Ancestor only had three! The Blood Soul Pills scattered and a blue liquid came out from inside them. The blue liquid and black flames cancelled each other out.

At this moment, the entire storage space collapsed and everything inside disappeared. It didn't get thrown into nothingness but completely collapsed without a trace.

Wang Lin was moving extremely fast across the fragment he was hiding on. His body flashed blood-red nine times as he rapidly fled with the red needle chasing closely after.

However, at the next instant, the red needle stopped chasing him and collapsed layer by layer until it almost dissipated completely… Wang Lin felt relief and found that his clothes were soaked in sweat. A gentle breeze immediately made him feel cold.

Before him, the red needle was already half transparent and slowly disappeared. However, just as it was about to completely disappear, it stopped dissipating, turned around, and flew off into the distance.

"Not dead?" Wang Lin's eyes were filled with terror and he charged out without thinking. His hand reached out and he spat out origin energy that formed a prison that trapped the red needle.

The red needle let out a sharp whistle as if it wanted to rush out. It kept crashing against the prison, and every impact would make Wang Lin's face a bit paler.

His eyes became cold and his celestial spiritual energy activated to strengthen the prison. He slowly pulled it toward him as he stared at the red needle, and his eyes were filled with determination.

"Seal!" With a shout, the prison rapidly shrank until it was wrapped around the needle. Wang Lin grabbed the needle and landed on the ground.

If it wasn't for the red needle losing almost all of its power, it would've been impossible for Wang Lin to seal it. However, right now the needle was at its weakest and Wang Lin had used all the celestial spiritual energy inside his body to seal it.

Even so, the seal was still unstable; the red needle seemed like it could charge out at any time. Wang Lin took a deep breath and his expression became extremely gloomy.

"The Blood Ancestor is not dead… Even though he didn't die, he must be extremely weak. Otherwise, this needle wouldn't have weakened so much… Once the Blood Ancestor recovers, the first thing he will do is try to kill me…" Wang Lin's eyes became cold as he stared at the red needle. This needle was almost transparent and was giving off an aura of death.

"This needle must've been called by the Blood Ancestor to return. I can't miss this chance; I must risk it!" Wang Lin clenched his teeth and threw the red needle. The needle flew away with Wang Lin following close behind while he adjusted the celestial spiritual energy inside his body.

His seal was on the red needle, which made it very easy for him to tack. One person and one needle quickly moved across the Thunder Celestial Realm. Often they would disappear without a trace in a flash.

Countless small drops of blood floated in the void in the Thunder Celestial Realm. There were flashes of blue light coming from these drops of blood, making them look very gorgeous.

Every drop of blood contained a trace of the Blood Ancestor's origin soul and a large amount of origin energy. When the storage space collapsed, he used three Blood Soul Pills and a secret spell of the Yao family to survive.

When he came to the Allheaven Star System, the Blood Ancestor was too confident and didn't take a Blood Soul Pill in advance. If he had done so, he would have appeared on the Blood Planet in the Alliance Star System.

These drops of blood weren't completely stationary in the void but closely converged. Once all of them fused, he would awaken.

This process slowly continued. Three months later, the originally spread out drops of blood had gathered closely together. Some of them had even merged together.

The Blood Ancestor's origin soul was gradually awakening. Once he awakens, his recovery rate will increase several fold.

One this day, almost 60% of the blood drops had fused together. The Blood Ancestor's origin soul began to show signs of awakening.

However, just at this moment, a ray of thunder came from the distance. This ray of thunder was a Thunder Beast with a chain around its neck. It had a bunch of paper talismans all over its body, so it looked like a mess.

Someone had even managed to poke a small hole through its silver horn and put an iron hoop through it.

The beast's eyes revealed a pitiful gaze. It was difficult to imagine how it managed to get through all this.

"Your appearance finally matches this old man's prestige. This is how a real Thunder Beast looks like. You should know that those golden-horned Thunder Beasts can only sigh when they look at you. You are the most unique Thunder Beast out there! Believe this old man, yes, you are fated with this old man!" On the Thunder Beast's back sat an old man. He was holding the chain fastened around the Thunder Beast's neck like it was a horse.

Behind him there were countless rays of thunder following him like meteors. Inside every ray of thunder was a Thunder Beast, and their eyes all revealed fear.

This old man would sometimes raise his hand to mess with the iron hoop on the Thunder Beast's silver horn and then would reveal a look of admiration.

"This old man has so much fate with you that I almost don't want to return you to the little fellow…"

The Thunder Beast's body trembled. Right now it was completely terrified of this old man. In particular, the word "fated" was like a nightmare.

It could never forget how the old man kept muttering about them being fated while placing strange things on its body.

However, although it wasn't satisfied with many of these things, it felt that the iron hoop was very pleasing to look at...

"Yes, this is the place. Hehe, even a powerful Nirvana Cleanser cultivator can end up like this… Its fate!" The old man looked at the gathered drops of blood and his eyes lit up.
