Chapter 798 – Rush Out (2)

Even though there was one extra person on the fragment, its speed wasn’t affected. It rampaged into the distance just like before. The woman had recovered from her confusion. As she watched the fragment smash into the spatial rifts, she sucked in a breath of cold air.

“What kind of treasure is this? It is too terrifying!” The woman personally saw almost all the cracks close under the impact of the fragment. No matter how powerful the force inside the crack was, it had no effect on the fragment.

Just at this moment, her eyes narrowed. Off in the distance to her right, there were three rays of light flying through the void. There were two men and one woman. Their expressions were gloomy and their eyes were filled with anxiety.

“Xi Zifeng!” The woman on the fragment quickly stood up.

The three people in the distance immediately noticed her, and their eyes were filled with joy. They rushed toward the fragment with no hesitation.

Wang Lin’s expression was neutral. He didn’t slow do at all and continued at the same speed. The three people seemed to be unable to catch up.

The woman named Xi Zifeng quicky shouted, “Zhan Yun, please wait!”

The woman named Zhan quickly said to Wang Lin, “Senior, please stop. Junior’s good friends want to hop on.”

Wang Lin opened his eyes and revealed impatience. He ignored her.

The woman named Zhan stomped her feet and slapped her bag of holding, making a strand of red silk fly out. The red silk immediately extended and flew toward the three people chasing them.

The woman named Xi Zifeng quickly graped the red silk and immediately pulled herself closer. The two men did the same and finally the three of them caught up and landed on the fragment.

The three of them let out a breath of relief and immediately noticed Wang Lin in the distance. One males looked at Zhan Yun and asked, “This fellow cultivator is?”

Without waiting for Zhan Yun to speak, Xi Zifeng took a closer look and her expression immediately changed. She quickly walked a few steps forward, bowed, and respectfully said, “Junior Xi Zifeng greets Senior! Thanks, Senior, for saving Junior twice!”

As she spoke, her face became red.

Wang Lin looked at the woman. She was a bit more beautiful than Zhan Yun. He vaguely remembered that she was at the celestial gate and was one of the people that were kicked into the void when Master Flamespark was controlling his body.

Frowning, Wang Lin felt very troublesome. If he had known this would happen, he wouldn’t have saved Zhan Yun no matter what. He asked, “Do the three of you have celestial jades?”

Xi Zifeng was startled, and before she could reply, Zhan Yun quickly said, “10,000 celestial jades for saving your life and another 10,000 celestial jades an hour for staying here!”

Xi Zifeng nodded and said, “That is natural!” She and the two beside her immediately took out celestial jades from their bags and respectfully handed them to Wang Lin.

Wang Lin accepted them, then he closed his eyes and ignored them.

Along with Zhan Yun, the four of them sat together and looked at the void. They all had the feeling of surviving

The fragment was very fast. As they went farther into the Celestial Realm, Wang Lin’s frown remained. Along the way, he met a lot of cultivators there were scattered or grouped together.

When these people saw the fragment, it was as if they were looking at their last hope and did their best to get on the fragment. Some of them were friends of the four people on the fragment.

As a result, more and more cultivators arrived on the fragment. However, Wang Lin didn’t have to worry about it, as whenever a newcomer got on the fragment, Zhan Yun would state the celestial jade requirement.

At the moment, Wang Lin had several bags of holding, and every single of one them contained a large amount of celestial jades. There were nearly 20 cultivators on the fragment now.

These people didn’t sit together. Other than those acquainted with each other, the others all sat by themselves as they looked into the void with complex feelings in their hearts.

Some of them immediately recognized Wang Lin and immediately relaxed. In their minds, with Wang Lin here, they would be safe.

As the fragment flew through the void, more people gradually arrived on the fragment. In the end, there were more than 50 people on fragment. Wang Lin frowned as he looked at the void past them and saw that there were several dozen rays of light following closely after them.

The cultivators in those rays of light couldn’t catch up to the fragment and didn’t know anyone on the fragment. Without the help from someone on the fragment, they couldn’t catch up to the fragment by themselves.

However, by following the fragment, they were much safer. The spatial rifts showed signs of closing after the fragment passed by them, so it was much better compared to before.

More and more cultivators began to gather, forming a long trail behind fragment. It was like a long tail that followed closely after the fragment.

In their view, this was the only path to survival! Naturally, there were some powerful cultivators that didn’t need help from the people on the fragment to reach the fragment.

However, once they landed on the fragment, no matter what cultivation level they were at, they would hesitate before handing over the celestial jades in exchange for a place on the fragment.

A big reason for this was due to the fame Wang Lin had gained in the battle outside the celestial gate. Even Corporeal Yang cultivators would respectfully call him Senior after seeing Wang Lin.

After touching the bags of holding with celestial jades, Wang Lin let out a sigh and ignored these people. He could feel that Shengong Hu was not far away.

Just at this moment, a large piece of land suddenly appeared in front of them. This piece of land was about 10,000 feet wide and the edge of the land kept collapsing. A large amount of earth would fall off every time it collided with a spatial rift.

There were three people standing behind the piece of land, and all of them were at the Corporeal Yang stage. Behind them were nearly 100 cultivators who all looked greedily at the 1,000 foot fragment Wang Lin was on.

“Leave behind that celestial fragment!” The man at the edge of the three was a man in a golden robes, and his eerie voice echoed through the void.

Wang Lin calmly looked at the three of them and looked at the 10,000-foot-wide fragment under them. They also had the same idea of using the fragment to lead the way.

However, the fragment they obtained hadn’t been refined by divine retribution, so it wasn’t sturdy enough. The fragment under them continued to break and they probably had to change fragments quite a few times.

The golden-robed man stepped forward into the void. He avoided the cracks and headed straight for the fragment Wang Lin was on. One of the three was an old man in white who also stepped forth.

They left behind only the blue-robed cultivator on the fragment, and he coldly stared at Wang Lin.

Wang Lin was calm as he raised his right hand and pointed with his finger. The Beast Bone Tattoo on the back of his right hand immediately flew out and turned into a beast bone in the void.

The four ferocious horns gave off a cold glint. A ghostly light appeared in the eye socket of the beast bone and a dense killing aura suddenly filled the area.

In almost an instant, before the golden-robed man could use a spell, his body trembled and grey began to spread throughout his body, starting from his legs. His eyes were filled with horror. Without hesitation, he hit his forehead and his origin soul flew out.

Wang Lin sneered as he slapped his bag of holding and the one-billion soul soul flag flew out. It turned into black mist and charged toward the man’s origin soul.

At this moment, the white-robed old man closed in. With no regard his companion, his hand formed a seal and he shouted, “Celestial spell, Thunder Chop!” Thunder gathered like crazy before him, forming a thunder blade that looked like it could cut the world, and it flew straight toward Wang Lin.

A sharp, whistling sound suddenly appeared.

Wang Lin’s eyes narrowed. Before the thunder blade closed, he could feel the rich origin energy within it. The moment it closed in, Wang Lin’s body flashed and his origin soul flew out and devoured the thunder blade.

After his origin soul returned to his body, Wang Lin’s face turned slightly red. He stood up and coldly looked at the old man. Then he took a step and charged out.

The white-robed old man’s expression changed greatly and he retreated without hesitation. As he retreated, the blue-robed scholar frowned and jumped out.

Wang Lin’s eyes became cold. He normally wouldn’t provoke others, but if someone provoked him, he wouldn’t hold back!

At this moment, he pointed at the white-robed old man and used the Stop celestial spell. The old man immediately felt as if his body had sunk into water and was tied up, causing him to stop. Not only did his body stop, but even his origin soul was affected, causing him to stop using his origin energy.

Wang Lin took a step while his finger formed a sword. When he passed by the old man, he pointed to the spot between the old man’s eyebrows. The old man coughed out blood and explosions came from inside his body until it finally collapsed and his origin soul escaped in terror. Wang Lin’s eyes lit up as his hand reached out and caught the old man’s origin soul.

“Fellow Cultivator, stop!” A loud roar came out from the blue-robed cultivator. His body moved like lightning as he charged toward Wang Lin. His right hand formed a seal and an illusory sword flew out from between his brows. The sword flashed as if it was teleporting and suddenly appeared before Wang Lin and mercilessly stabbed toward Wang Lin.

Wang Lin’s eyes were cold as he crushed the origin soul in his hand. He turned his head and the third eye immediately opened. Red light opened up in the shape of a fan and immediately shrouded the illusory sword.

Under the red light, the illusory sword gave off large amount of black gas and immediately collapsed.

The blue-robed cultivator immediately stopped 100 feet from Wang Lin. He gloomily stared at Wang Lin and said, “Your spells are indeed amazing. Let us just leave this matter!” He suppressed the killing intent in his eyes and slowly retreated.
