Chapter 108 – Old Friend

As he walked out of the cave, Wang Lin coldly looked around and saw 100 or so people split into five groups. They were surrounding a young man. A middle aged man walked out of the mob of people. He clasped his hands and said, “Junior brother Li Shan, your Xuan Dao Sect already has a token. Why do you need so many? If you hand it over, we won’t trouble you anymore.”

Among the disciples of Wu Feng Valley, a disciple snorted and said, “Li Shan, hand over the tokens or you will die for sure!”

The person they surrounded was Li Shan, someone that Wang Lin had met back in the Heng Yue Sect. He was here to represent the Xuan Dao Sect and was the only Qi Condensation disciple from the Xuan Dao Sect. The Jue Ming Valley only had an upper limit and not a lower limit on who could enter, so even a Qi Condensation disciple was allowed inside. Most sects wouldn’t send a Qi Condensation disciple though.

Li Shan was able to come because he was good at making fake magic pills and he was a master of sneak attacks.

With these abilities, Punnan Zi broke the rules and let him go. Punnan Zi also gave him a magic treasure that made it so people wouldn’t be able to detect him. The downside of this treasure is the more he uses it, the less effective it becomes.

Li Shan really did have some skill. Thanks to the protection of his fellow disciples, he was able to steal quite a few things during battles, including two tokens.

Adding on the token the Xuan Dao Sect already had, they now held three tokens.

The sects that lost their tokens attacked non-stop in the hopes of taking one back, which was why there were so many battles before.

But it was also because Li Shan was too greedy. After he entered the Jue Ming Valley, every time he saw someone, he would use that treasure to hide his presence and steal something. As he used it more and more, the magic treasure gradually lost its effect, and when he was stealing the 4th token, the magic treasure completely lost its effect. He was found out, but the Xuan Dao Sect disciples reacted quickly enough to save his life. The news spread out and all of the sects that had lost a token stopped fighting and rushed toward the Xuan Dao Sect’s gathering place.

The Xuan Dao Sect’s disciples were trapped there, so he secretly escaped using the tunnel he had dug ahead of time. However, what he didn’t expect was to be found and forced to flee the moment he came out of the tunnel.

He only ran a few steps when he turned around and saw more than 100 sword lights chasing after him. He almost fell to the ground because every one of them was at the Foundation Establishment stage.

And this is how the situation played out.

Li Shan knelt down and threw two tokens on the ground without any hesitation.

The surroundings suddenly became quiet. The two sects that had lost their tokens had several people charge out, but how could the other sects just let them take the tokens back? Thus, they sent out people to stop them.

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up as he stared at the two tokens on the ground. He moved quickly toward the tokens. Someone noticed him coming and went to stop him, but Wang Lin activated his attraction force technique and threw that person away.

Just like that, after several steps, Wang Lin was almost at the tokens.

The two groups that were fighting finally noticed Wang Lin. The people who were informed of the happenings within the Jue Ming Valley recognized Wang Lin. They all secretly complained, but stopped and didn’t dare to move forward.

However, there were still some cultivators who had only heard about Wang Lin but never saw him, so they charged forward without any hesitation. Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and a small, green sword suddenly appeared and began to flash. Every time the sword flashed, a cultivator would be frozen in ice and would die on the spot.

Wang Lin secretly sighed. He had noticed a few days that there was something wrong with the flying sword. Ever since his spiritual energy changed, it was harder to make the sword move as he wished; however, he just needed to concentrate more on controlling the sword and he wouldn’t have any more problems.

With the power of the Ji Realm spiritual energy, no Foundation Establishment cultivator could stand in his way. Even the magic treasures their elders had given them all fell to his Ji Realm spiritual energy.

It has to be said that for a Ji Realm cultivator, their best weapon is their Ji Realm.

Wang Lin walked another five steps. For every single step, several people died to the flying sword. Gradually, there were less and less people around him as most of them quickly backed away, not daring to move forward.

Wang Lin easily arrived before Li Shan. Li Shan was so scared that he didn’t even dare to raise his head. Wang Lin’s right hand reached out and grabbed the two tokens. He pondered for a while, then put the two tokens in his bag of holding. As his cold gaze swept past everyone, he said, “Hand over all of your tokens, or die!”

Li Shan, who was lying on the ground, noticed that the voice was familiar, so he worked up the courage to raise his head. Suddenly, he felt like he was struck by lightning and said, “You… Wang Lin!”

Wang Lin gazed at Li Shan. This scared Li Shan so much that he shivered and immediately shut up, but there was a storm in his heart. It has to be said that the name Wang Lin was very famous in the Xuan Dao Sect. Wang Lin, who arrived like a storm in the exchange between the Heng Yue Sect and the Xuan Dao Sect, was the goal of many core disciples of the Xuan Dao Sect.

He was also the person that Li Shan wanted to surpass the most, even in his dreams, especially after the incident with the stink bomb. Li Shan’s life was hard after that event. During that time, Li Shan cursed Wang Lin on a daily bases.

But even so, he still believed that there would be a day when he would surpass Wang Lin, and after he reached the 14th layer of Qi Condensation, this thought became even more entrenched in his mind.

But now he was dumbfounded as he found out that the difference between them was like the difference between heaven and earth. It had only been a few years and Wang Lin already had the ability to easily kill Foundation Establishment cultivators. In Li Shan’s eyes, Wang Lin’s progress was simply too amazing.

After hearing Wang Lin’s words, the people around him couldn’t help but remember Wang Lin’s reputation in Jue Ming Valley and how he had easily killed all those Foundation Establishment cultivators just now. Their hearts turned cold. After a long time, a white-clad youth sighed. He looked deeply at Wang Lin and asked, “Fellow cultivator, can you tell me what your cultivation level is?”

Wang Lin plainly said, “Foundation Establishment.”
