Chapter 1803 – The Earth Fire is Changing!

This would be the first time Wang Lin would open his eyes on the Immortal Astral Continent before he shook the entire continent!

This was the first time he saw the Immortal Astral Continent with his own eyes. This was the first time he felt the aura of the Immortal Astral Continent himself!

When Wang Lin awakened, he checked the Heaven Avoiding Coffin behind him. After he made sure there was nothing wrong, he checked the earth fire around him.

How could mere earth fire burn Wang Lin, dare to burn him?

The earth fire that had been extracted was simply really insignificant. He had the fire essence, so not only did the earth fire cause him no harm, it also sped up his awakening. Also, because this earth fire was from the Immortal Astral Continent, a shocking change occurred when it merged with Wang Lin’s fire essence from the cave world!

This change was something that had never happened on the Immortal Astral Continent before. This was a battle between a foreign fire essence and the fire essence of the Immortal Astral Continent itself!

If the fire essence of the Immortal Astral Continent won, then Wang Lin’s fire essence would be devoured and become part of the Immortal Astral Continent. If that happened, Wang Lin’s cultivation level wouldn’t change and he would still have his fire essence. However, he wouldn’t be the lord of all fire in the world, because the fire would belong to the Immortal Astral Continent!

But if Wang Lin won, then his fire essence would be above the Immortal Astral Continent. He would become the real emperor of fire!

Wang Lin looked at the fog above. He could feel a weak cultivator walking around him, constantly throwing seals and items he had never seen before. These items accelerated the fire and also helped with the function of the formation below.

Strange power came from the formation, wanting to enter his body to carry out a series of changes.

Even though Wang Lin was in a coma and didn’t know what had happened, with his wisdom, he immediately made a rough guess.

“When I was unconscious, I was brought here by this person to be refined… From the looks of the formation, it seems to be related to puppets… Is he trying to refine me into a puppet?” There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes.

In the cave world, no one had dared to try to refine him into a puppet. Even people like the Sovereign hadn’t, and dreaded him!

Wang Lin didn’t consider the formation worthy of his time. Although there were some mysteries to it, now was not time to study it. Wang Lin found the earth fire here more interesting.

He ignored the Kang Ren, who was still excitedly refining and hadn’t realized that Wang Lin had woken up. Wang Lin’s divine sense spread out directly underground.

He wanted to see where this earth fire came from. How did the fire of the Immortal Astral Continent compare to his own fire?

As his divine sense spread out, Wang Lin’s eyes revealed a strange light. He saw that under the mountains of the surrounding tens of thousands of kilometers was a mass of fire veins!

This mountain range was located on top of a branch of an earth fire vein! The branch looked large, but in truth, it was really thin. It was connected to the main source that led to the unknown.

Wang Lin’s divine sense spread out once more, and he was shocked to find a complex network of earth fire below! The lower he went, the hotter the fire became.

“The fire veins look like a giant fire formation…” Wang Lin withdrew his divine sense. He had just awakened and wasn’t sure of his surroundings, so it was inconvenient to explore by force.

“Although it is not inconvenient to go deeper, I can extract more fire to nourish my fire essence.” Wang Lin pondered as his right hand gently hit the formation on the ground.

With this, the entire Blue Dragon Sect trembled and all the fire under this mountain range seemed to be stimulated. It all surged like crazy from all directions and entered Kang Ren’s cave.

This sudden change startled Kang Ren, who was walking around and placing seals. He quickly retreated and formed countless layers of protection around him. The nine puppets guarding the door and the two wooden ones charged out in front of him to protect him from the fire that had suddenly erupted.

The moment Kang Ren retreated, a sea of fire surged inside the formation and turned into a pillar of fire. It burned up all the fog and blocked all lines of sight as it burned like crazy.

The cave obviously couldn’t withstand it, and countless cracks appeared, as if it was going to collapse. The nine puppets before Kang Ren were hit by the fire and immediately exploded.

There were also those two wooden puppets. They also collapsed without any ability to resist.

Kang Ren’s scalp went numb and his eyes were filled with despair. He watched the high temperature coming to devour him like the mouth of death. At this moment, a ray of ghostly light shot out from the fire and surrounded him. The fire went past him and didn’t injure him.

But despite this, having walked the edge of death, Kang Ren fell to the ground in fear. He looked at the fire that filled the cave, and fear filled his heart.

“I… What kind of person did I bring back…”

As the earth fire erupted, Virtual Cloud and his teacher arrived outside Kang Ren’s cave. At this moment, the expression of the white-haired old man changed greatly. He quickly grabbed his disciple and retreated several thousand feet.

As he retreated, the entrance to Kang Ren’s cave collapsed and a heat wave surged out.

All the pavilions on the mountain disappeared in a sea of fire!

The surrounding mountains trembled under the fire as if they were going to erupt! This sudden change shocked the Blue Dragon Sect disciples. They all rushed out from their caves and looked down in fear.

“The ancestor is out. Why was there a change to the earth fire?” Virtual Cloud’s teacher looked gloomy as he stared at the sea of fire blow. He looked at the cave Kang Ren was in.

At the same time, three powerful auras came from the Blue Dragon Sect. The turned into three people that appeared beside Virtual Cloud’s teacher.

Among the three were two men and one woman. One of the men and the woman had white hair, while the other man was middle-aged. They all had the aura of third step cultivators.

Their cultivation levels were not low. The middle-aged man was at the mid stage of Spirit Void. As soon as he appeared, he let out a roar at the sky.

“Disciples of the Blue Dragon Sect, listen to my command. The earth fire goes through a change once every 10,000 years. This time, it’s a bit early, but don’t panic. Quickly, set the Heavenly Water Formation!” His words echoed like thunder.

The minds of all the Blue Dragon Sect disciples who heard this trembled, and they immediately sat down in the sky. Their hands formed seals and countless clouds came out of their bodies. The tens of thousands of disciples quickly created large formation!

This formation rumbled as it appeared. From a distance, it looked like a large, dark cloud that covered tens of thousands of kilometers. This cloud was very dark, and it contained the tens of thousands of Blue Dragon Sect disciples that were present.

At the same time, aside from the middle-aged man and Virtual Cloud’s teacher, the other two third step cultivators charged into the dark cloud without waiting for a command. They used some unknown spell and turned into two long dragons inside the cloud.

These two dragons were almost 100,000 feet long. A moment later, they revealed their giant dragon heads and opened their mouths at the burning mountain below. Rain fell from the sky and large amounts of water came out from the mouths of the two dragons.

“Elder Li, you were the first one to arrive. What happened here?” As the rain fell to fight against the fire, the middle-aged man gloomily looked at the white-haired old man beside him.

“The earth fire changes once every 10,000 years, and it should be 3,000 more years before it appears. There must be a reason for it to appear early!” The middle-aged man’s gaze moved away from the white-haired old man and glanced at the hunchback youth.

This gaze caused the youth’s heart to tremble, and he almost couldn’t remain standing.

“Elder Zhao, if this is not the normal change to the earth fire, it might be related to the third generation disciple Kang Ren.

“Kang Ren?” The middle-aged man frowned and couldn’t recall this name.

The white-haired man looked at the sea of fire below and pointed at Kang Ren’s cave. “This person has brought back two bodies from somewhere unknown, and the change to the earth fire happened when he was refining the puppets.”

“The sect master and old ancestor went out to the Great Soul Sect. I have already sent out a message jade, so they should be on their way back. Since it is possible that this is being caused by the two bodies Kang Ren brought back, then this old man will see what kind of bodies can cause the earth fire to change!” There was a flash of killing intent in the middle-aged man’s eyes. This change to the earth fire had caught the Blue Dragon Sect was off guard. Although there were no deaths, a lot of buildings had been destroyed along with large amounts of celestial herbs that were growing and in storage.

The price was simply too big!

As he spoke, the middle-aged man’s body flickered and water vapor surrounded him. The water vapor turned into a bubble 30 feet wide and he charged down into the burning mountain to where Kang Ren’s cave was.

The door to the cave had long broken and there was nothing blocking him. The middle-aged man moved very fast and instantly arrived at the cave. He looked very fast, but he was, in fact, very cautious. He felt like this matter was somewhat strange.

However, he didn’t take it too much to heart; he was very proud of his strength!

Just as he entered the cave, the middle-aged man saw a youth wearing the dao robe of the Blue Dragon Sect. The young man looked like he was in a daze and his body was trembling. His eyes were filled with extreme fear as he looked into the depths of the cave, where there was a pillar of fire.
