Chapter 1840

“You!!” Yan Lu’s pupils shrank. Wang Lin’s appearance was simply too terrifying. His dried-up body looked like there was no blood left in him. Even if you were to open a wound on his body with a sword, no blood would come out.

His hair was dried to the point that it looked like it was going to fall off. Wang Lin’s withered body had no trace of water left inside. If not for his powerful origin soul, he would seem no different than a dead person.

That white robe around him was very loose, as if it was wrapped around a corpse. The terrifying feeling coming from Wang Lin’s body made Yan Lu retreat several steps.

There was also Fan Shanmeng, who was fighting with the Yi Si Puppet. When she got a good look at Wang Lin, she also retreated and gasped. Her eyes were filled with fear.

“What is he cultivating.... To end up like this!?”

When Wang Lin’s hoarse voice echoed, the Yi Si Puppet turned back into fog and flew back to him. Its ferocious eyes and scarlet tongue matched with Wang Lin’s current appearance. It made Wang Lin look like a ferocious demonic cultivator!

“Yan Lu, I’m in closed door cultivation. Why did you come here?” Wang Lin was like a dead man after losing all the water in his body. Even his eyes had lost the ability to turn, so he had to turn his head to look at Yan Lu.

However, not only did his action not lower his aura, it made it even stronger. Yan Lu’s heart trembled and she retreated a few more steps.

“I didn’t intend to disturb Alder Wang’s closed door cultivation. However, Shanmeng was being attacked by Elder Wang’s strange puppet, so I came to save her.”

“This woman is my maid. There’s no need for Elder Yan Lu to worry about her on my behalf.” Wang Lin smiled, but his smile was terrifying with that dried-up face. Fan Shanmeng trembled and retreated behind her teacher.

“This matter is not urgent at this moment. Elder Yan Lu, I have something I’d like to ask!” Wang Lin turned his head and looked at Fan Shanmeng with his terrifying eyes before he spoke to Yan Lu.

“I wonder what elder Wang wants to ask…” Yan Lu’s expression was rather solemn. She felt fear toward Wang Lin from the bottom of her heart.

“I’m not familiar with the Heavenly Bull Continent. Do you know any place with a lot of water… It would be best if it was a giant ocean!” Wang Lin said, and his voice was like two bones rubbing together.

“Water… He isn’t cultivating a spell but absorbing water essence!” Yan Lu’s eyes lit up and she immediately saw the problem. She took a deep breath, and after a moment, she said, “Between the Heavenly Bull Continent and the Green Devil Continent, there is an endless inland sea. It is about nine months away…”

“How do I get there?” There was a sliver of ghostly light in Wang Lin’s eyes.

Yan Lu didn’t hesitate to wave her right hand. A jade appeared and her divine sense entered it to imprint a map going to that inland sea.

She threw the jade toward Wang Lin. He caught it, and after scanning it with his divine sense, he nodded at Yan Lu.

“Elder Yan Lu, many thanks!” With that, Wang Lin waved his sleeve and didn’t even look at Fan Shanmeng again. He turned into a mass of fog and flew away.

Roar!!

The Yi Si Puppet followed after Wang Lin, and after it fused with the fog, Wang Lin put it away. At the same time, Wang Lin’s fire essence true body looked up. It followed Wang Lin and disappeared into the distance.

It wasn’t until Wang Lin was gone that Fan Shanmeng relaxed. The Wang Lin just now terrified her, and it was difficult to forget.

Yan Lu stood there and pondered for a long time before letting out a sigh. She hadn’t put any false information inside the jade and had given the correct information. She didn’t pay any attention to Fan Shanmeng and flew back to her cave.

As for Wang Lin, after he left the Great Soul Sect, he took a step and ripples echoed before he disappeared. He merged with the world and left without a trace.

In a rare prairie in the Heavenly Bull Continent, 100,000 kilometers away from the Great Soul Sect, ripples echoed in the sky and Wang Lin walked out. His body still looked like a dried-up corpse, and he looked at the earth. There were many caves inside this endless prairie; it was clear a lot of rogue cultivators lived here.

The reason so many rogue cultivators lived here was because the grass here gave off dense celestial energy. It couldn’t compare to some of the mountains, but it was not weak.

“Extreme Sky Prairie… According to Yan Lu’s jade, after arriving here, it will take another six months to arrive at the inland sea that connects to the Green Devil Continent…” Wang Lin pondered as he quickly flew forward.

On the Immortal Astral Continent, even with the power of Wang Lin’s avatar in the void, he couldn’t use Spatial Bending repeatedly if it was cross long distances. If it was short, like when he moved away from the Heavenly Mountain, it was fine, but now he had crossed three months of travel at once, so he needed some time before he could use it again.

He raised his right hand as he flew and a roar came from the mosquito king tattoo on his arm. The mosquito king appeared like ink and carried Wang Lin. It let out a happy cry and flew off into the distance.

Wang Lin sat on the back of the mosquito beast and closed his eyes. Although his current cultivation was at its peak, his divine sense powerful, and origin soul full, his body was a hidden danger. He had to absorb a large amount of water essence to complete the ninth cycle.

As the mosquito beast flew forward, it let out a roar that attracted a lot of divine senses to come out and check. When they saw Wang Lin and the mosquito beast, they all withdrew their divine senses and ignored them.

However, a few divine senses followed Wang Lin as if they had other intentions.

The prairie was endless and Wang Lin’s mosquito beast flew far away. Most of the divine senses following them scattered, but three remained closely behind them.

Among these three divine senses, two of them were mid stage Arcane Void and one person was only at the late stage of Spirit Void. Their divine senses also dispelled many others from following.

After seven days, when the prairie was about to end, Wang Lin felt like he could use Spatial Bending for a large scale movement again. As for the three divine senses behind him, he didn’t even care at all. He stood up from the back of the mosquito beast.

However, just at this moment, a gloomy voice came from behind him.

“Fellow demonic cultivator, you came to my Extreme Sky Prairie and just want to leave so casually?”

“Why are you talking so much nonsense with him? We followed him all this way to see if he was just passing through or if he had friends here at the Extreme Sky Prairie. Now we know he is just passing through. Leave your beast behind and this old man will spare you!” Another voice filled with a domineering aura came from in front of Wang Lin. If Wang Lin rejected him, then the result would be miserable.

As his words echoed, the world behind Wang Lin distorted and a giant, black arm appeared from the sky. It descended through the clouds and reached toward Wang Lin. The arm seemed to contain a powerful force, and it closed in on Wang Lin.

Wang Lin turned around. He originally didn’t want to cause unnecessary trouble, but someone had targeted him, so it was completely different. Wang Lin turned around and his eyes lit up. His dried-up right hand rose and ripped the sky!

A huge rift appeared, seeming as if it was going to devour everything. It was as if the entire world had been split by that rift, and it charged toward the arm.

This rift caused a thunderous rumble and the world changed colors. A giant Ancient Dao arm appeared behind Wang Lin and ripped sky!

Thunderous rumbles echoed across the world. The black arm that reached toward Wang Lin collided with the rift and was torn apart.

Three muffled groans came from the collapsed black arm and three figures were knocked out. The three of them looked at Wang Lin and were terrified. They were shocked by the power of Wang Lin’s attack.

“He isn’t just a Spirit Void cultivator!!”

“Such a powerful physical body. This person… This person is comparable to an Ancient Country cultivator!”

Their expressions changed greatly. As they were pushed back by the shockwave, they split in three different directions and quickly escaped.

Wang Lin’s expression was calm. Since he had acted, he wouldn’t easily give up. He raised his right hand and waved. A roar echoed and the Yi Si Puppet appeared with excited gaze and chased after one person.

It instantly caught up, and the black fog surrounded the person. Miserable screams echoed and slowly dissipated.

Shortly after, the mosquito king below Wang Lin let out a roar and charged forward toward the late stage Spirit Void cultivator. Before the person could react, the mosquito king closed in and its sharp mouth stabbed into him. The person tried to resist as the mosquito inhaled, but Wang Lin casually pointed forward.

With one point, the cultivator stopped completely as he watched death closing in.

As for Wang Lin, in a flash, he jumped off the mosquito king and looked at the third person escaping. His fire essence true body turned into a seal of fire and rushed before burning the heavens and earth. It formed a giant mouth to devour the third person.

This scene was extremely shocking. The fire connected the heavens and earth as it devoured everything in its path. It closed in on the third person, and just as the third person was about to be devoured, a burst of green light appeared to resist the fire.

“Teacher, save me!!”

The moment he spoke, the grasslands trembled and a muffled roar echoed through the earth.

“Stop!”
