Chapter 1862

Patrol was boring, but Wang Lin was used to boring. He was used to walking by himself in this world, accustomed to hiding in the dark and silently looking ahead at the endless world before him.

The moonlight was covered by the dark clouds, but it couldn’t be completely covered, as if it was leading the way. Wang Lin looked at the slivers of moonlight and slowly walked.

It was still night, and even more clouds began to gather. Soon, thunder rumbled and the wind howled. The sound of water falling came from all directions.

It began to rain.

As the rain fell, Wang Lin suddenly stopped walking and looked up at the world covered in rain. He waved his right hand and the restriction compass appeared in his grasp. The compass clearly displayed more than a dozen green dots charging toward him.

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he immediately retreated. He was very fast and instantly retreated more than 10,000 feet and changed directions. He stopped and looked down at the compass in his hand. His eyes shined.

The more than a dozen dots on the compass had changed directions the moment Wang Lin did. They seemed to notice that Wang Lin had changed directions and rapidly closed in.

At the same time, on the compass, more than a dozen green dots appeared in the other three directions around Wang Lin. They seemed to form an encirclement and closed in.

“This is Lu Wenran’s purpose.” When Wang Lin had left the palace, he already understood Lu Wenran’s plan. Lu Wenran suspected Wang Lin, so he had purposely sent Wang Lin out to see if he could lure the Green Devil Continent cultivators.

Although Wang Lin could’ve chosen not to leave, it was now Wang Lin’s personality to stay hidden. Sometimes, using a retreat to advance was better.

“If I were Lu Wenran, I would have sealed all methods of entering the palace!” Wang Lin stepped on the earth and a rebound force prevented him from returning to the underground palace.

With a sneer, Wang Lin stared at the nearly 100 green dots in his compass and there was a flash of killing intent in his eyes.

These people were coming to kill Wang Lin, but they didn’t know that the reason Wang Lin had come out was to quickly finish the three missions Esteemed Green Bull had given him.

“Two out of the four directions have mid stage Void Tribulant cultivators… The other two have early stage Void Trbiulant cultivators… Since Liu Zhiyuan is dead, the Green Devil Continent has six Void Tribulant Cultivators left. Now they are sending five of them out, so they must know I have the compass and guessed that I killed Liu Zhiyuan!” Wang Lin stepped to the right, and as ripples echoed, he disappeared.

All four directions of the Extreme Sky Prairie had more than a dozen cultivators flying toward Wang Lin. The old man named Zhao and the old man named Zhang both had gloomy expressions.

In the other two directions were a man and a woman. The two early stage Void Tribulant cultivators were leading dozens of people through some kind of guide toward Wang Lin.

At the same time, far away from this place, the other female early stage Void Tribulant cultivator remained with the thousands of Green Devil Continent cultivators. She was sitting there with an illusory compass before her clearly revealing the location of Wang Lin’s compass. She gave out orders and notified people of Wang Lin’s location.

The thunder rumbled in the sky and the rain fell. A slaughter began under this rain!

Xu Decai was a rogue cultivator of the Green Devil Continent and had reached the early stage of Void Tribulant. This was his limit and he wouldn’t be able to climb unless he encountered a fortune.

He had been invited by the Dao Devil Sect to join his battle against the Heavenly Bull Continent. He was promised a lot of benefits, so he had joined the army to break open the third meridian.

At this moment, he was bringing more than a dozen cultivators with him. Among them were three people at the third step, but the strongest one was only at the mid stage of Arcane Void.

The rest were mostly in the Heaven’s Blight stages. They were charging forward with Xu Decai leading the way.

Along the way, Xu Decai was very cautious. Liu Zhiyuan’s death shocked him greatly. Void Tribulant cultivators were difficult to kill, but two days ago, Liu Zhiyuan had died.

This matter set off a great wave in his heart, so he had to be cautious. However, there was a sense of excitement in this caution.

This excitement came from the promise the old man named Zhang had made before they left.

“If anyone kills Wang Lin, this old man promises you I will get Sect Master to allow you to enter the Heavenly Pit for 1,000 years!” This excited Xu Decai greatly.

Rumor had it that when the Celestial Ancestor was extracting the Devil Scorpion’s core, there was an accident. The core collapsed into small parts that created five pits across the Green Devil Continent. These five pits were filled with devilish energy, and cultivating inside would give many benefits.

For Xu Decai, whose cultivation had been stuck for a long time, this was a dream opportunity. Whether it would increase his cultivation level or not, he had to try.

“Wang Lin, if I kill you, I can obtain a great fortune. There is no feud between us, but you must die!” Xu Decai licked his slips and there was a flash of coldness in his eyes.

Just as killing intent appeared in his eyes, a shocking feeling appeared in Du Decai’s mind. Just as he turned around, miserable screams echoed.

The heads of the last 10 people among the group that hadn’t reached third step flew off. Blood sprayed everything and their origin souls all collapsed.

Xu Decai only saw a white figure walking out of the darkness holding a blood sword. The figure moved at a strange speed, and with one strike, 10 people had died.

After killing 10 people, Wang Lin was calm, and he disappeared as he retreated.

Xu Decai’s pupils shrank and were filled with shock. Wang Lin was too fast, fast to a terrifying degree, but at the same time, Xu Decai became excited.

“Wang Lin!!” Xu Decai didn’t hesitate to retreat. He raised his right hand and pointed at the sky.

A beautiful illusionary flower suddenly appeared in the dark and rainy night. It occupied half the sky. Although it looked beautiful, if one looked closely, they would find that it was a flower made of skulls!

The moment the flower appeared in the sky, there was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes. Right now, only five people remained. Aside from the Void Tribulant cultivator, none of the remaining four were worth paying attention to.

These four people’s bodies trembled and they all retreated, but their speed couldn’t match Wang Lin’s. Wang Lin moved and there was a flash of blood light. The blood sword formed a blood dragon and charged out. Two people were touched by it and were cut into pieces, letting out miserable screams.

After killing those two, the compass in Wang Lin’s body gave him a clear feeling that three groups of Green Devil Continent cultivators were heading towards him. The three mid stage Void Tribulant old monsters were charging at him at full speed.

With their speed, they only needed half an hour to close in.

There was also an early stage Void Tribulant cultivator that had left their team and was charging at him.

“Half an hour…” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he charged at Xu Decai. At this moment, Xu Decai released the flower signal. He determined that since he had found Wang Lin, delaying him would be a great merit.

Xu Dechai sneered. He didn’t care about other people dying. As Wang Lin closed in, Xu Decia didn’t hesitate to raise his right hand and then suddenly let it fall.

The moment his right hand fell, it formed seals rapidly. In a short period of time, his hand formed almost one million seals, forming a huge lion. This lion was almost 1,000 feet large and it let out a roar as it pounced toward Wang Lin.

Wang Lin had never seen this kind of speed in forming seals. Xu Decai’s strange spell was simply too fast.

The lion roared and closed in on Wang Lin. There was a flash of blood light and a thunderous rumble echoed. This set off a huge wave across the earth, and the rain in the sky collapsed on a wide scale. This caused this area to become a strange world without any rain.

Xu Decai had just used a spell, but he didn’t pause; he retreated three steps. After three steps, his right hand suddenly pressed down on the earth. During that short motion, his hands had created nearly 4 million seals at a terrifying speed before touching the earth.

The earth rumbled as four giant mudman quickly appeared from the ground. They had cold gazes as they charged at Wang Lin, who had collided with the lion shadow.

The moment Wang Lin charged away from the lion shadow, the four mudmen rushed in without giving him a chance to recover.

Even though Wang Lin had experienced many dangers in his life, it was the first time he had encountered something like this.

“What fast casting speed. How can his hands be this fast?!” Wang Lin’s pupils shrank. As the four mudman closed in, he saw Xu Decai retreat three steps. His left hand moved and created nearly 5 millions seal. The seals turned into an incense stick, which he caught in his hand and bowed toward Wang Lin.

With this bow, Wang Lin’s mind trembled. A mysterious force rushed into his mind.

Shortly after, the smoke from the incense stick turned into a whale-like beast. It opened its mouth and was about to devour Wang Lin.
