Chapter 1863

All of this was too fast. Xu Decai mercilessly stuck the incense stick into the ground and then retreated three steps again. His left hand formed nearly 6 million seals and his right hand quickly formed almost 6 million seals as well. Then both his hands pressed on the ground.

There was a bang as the mud around Wang Lin moved to form a vortex of mud. The edges rose, forming a wall of mud.

From a distance, it looked like a giant clump of mud had surrounded Wang Lin.

“Mud kill!” Xu Decai roared, then the ball of mud shrank.

Xu Decai was very famous on the Green Devil Continent. What made him terrifying was his unparalleled casting speed. Among cultivators of the same rank, he could use this advantage to launch endless spells and not allow them a break until he bombard them to death!

This was also why even though he was a rogue cultivator, he had been invited by the Devil Dao Sect!

Wang Lin was inside the mud and was surrounded by the four mudmen. Rumbles echoed and there was also the mysterious incense power from Xu Decia in his body. Outside the mass of mud, the giant, whale-like shadow opened its mouth and devoured it.

After it devoured the mass of mud, the whale disappeared, but the mud remained. Nine black pythons appeared, and they spewed out poison gas that penetrated the mud.

Thunderous rumbles echoed. Soon, the mud collapsed and a powerful force erupted from inside. A giant punch appeared, breaking the mud and causing several black snakes to collapse. The broken mud revealed Wang Lin, who was in a sorry state.

Wang Lin had gone through much slaughter in his life since he was young. This was the first time he had no time to fight back and was being hit by a storm of attacks.

All of this was because the enemy could cast spells at a terrifying speed.

The moment Wang Lin walked out from the collapsed mud, there was a howl and a yellow flying sword charged at him.

Behind the yellow sword were 18 mud giants.

Behind the 18 mud giants, there was a painting that moved like a ribbon that rapidly closed in.

Behind the painting, an ancient bone that gave off an ancient aura seemed to be thrown at Wang Lin.

Behind that, the grass moved and was pulled out from the earth. Each blade turned into a drop of green liquid, and countless of them closed in.

Behind that, there was a fog that swept across the world. It seemed to pluck the clouds from the sky and formed two palms. They rapidly closed in on Wang Lin from his left and right.

The whale that had devoured and then turned into nine pythons that spewed poison gas opened its mouth and was about to devour Wang Lin a second time.

This thing was very strange. In Xu Decai’s experience, as long as the whale devoured three times, any cultivator at the same cultivation level would be seriously injured!

Seeing this, even Wang Lin felt his scalp go numb. He never would have imagined that someone could cast spells at such a terrifying degree.

It had only been a short period of time, but the other party had used so many different kinds of spells. Now the surroundings were covered in spells. This gave Wang Lin the illusion that he wasn’t battling one person but several people!

It was too late to think when a yellow sword closed in and rushed toward Wang Lin. It contained a powerful aura, as if it was certain it would split Wang Lin’s flesh.

The speed and continues spells gave Wang Lin no time to react. The moment Wang Lin appeared, the spells arrived.

Popping sounds echoed like crazy and the sound of metal colliding came from his body. The sword landed on Wang Lin’s body and Wang Lin was knocked back.

Wang Lin’s clothes were damaged greatly. This was the most sorry state Wang Lin had ever been in! If not for this Ancient Dao body, this flying sword could have injured him.

After the flying swords, the 18 mudmen didn’t give Wang Lin any time to rest and closed in. When they got within 100 feet of Wang Lin, they didn’t attack - they all exploded.

Rumble, rumble, rumble, rumble!

The 18 mudmen’s explosion created a vortex that surrounded Wang Lin and unleashed a devastating blow. Wang Lin coughed out blood and was going to retreat when the animated painting closed in. With a shake, the painting created layers of vortexes that trapped Wang Lin.

As the rumbles echoed, the painting collapsed and 108,000 threads appeared and flew into Wang Lin’s body to cause destruction.

This was not the end. After the painting, the bone covered in black light was thrown toward Wang Lin. As it closed in, a huge rift appeared and a terrifying aura came out. Then a giant head came out of the rift.

This head was that of a dog, but it looked very fierce. It gave off a bloodthirsty aura and its red eyes stared at the bone before Wang Lin. It let out a howl and charged out.

This dog was a fierce beast captured by Xu Decai. He used it to injure people, and there were no disadvantages in bringing it out!

The dog was too fast and instantly closed in. At the same time, it bit on the bone and its large head smashed into Wang Lin.

Large amounts of blood flowed out from the corner of Wang Lin’s mouth, but large amounts of green liquid followed behind the dog. The green liquid landed on Wang Lin, causing thunderous rumbles.

As the rumble echoed, the real killing move closed in. The killing move was the two palms that were smashing toward Wang Lin from the left and right. At this moment, the palms were less than 100 feet from Wang Lin.

Popping sounds echoed from Wang Lin’s body as if his body couldn’t withstand it. At this critical moment, Wang Lin raised his arms and punched at the two incoming palms.

At the same time, the giant, whale-like shadow opened its mouth and charged at Wang Lin.

Thunderous rumbles echoed across the Extreme Sky Prairie when Wang Lin’s fists collided with the palms. Large amounts of blood mist erupt from Wang Lin’s body and he was knocked back. The whale-like shadow closed in and was about to devour Wang Lin. Xu Decai was very proud at this moment.

Wang Lin opened his mouth and spat out a black stone. The moment the stone appeared, it erupted with a black light that fused with the darkness of the night. The shadow of a whale but several times larger appeared.

This was Wang Lin’s Heavenly Dao, the Nether Beast!!

The moment the Nether Beast appeared, its eyes were filled with confusion and ruthlessness. It had forgotten fear and began to devour. A fierce battle happened between the Nether Beast and Xu Decai’s whale beast.

Xu Decai’s pupils shrank and were filled with fear. He quickly retreated and was about to retrieve the whale shadow he had summoned.

But this time, he was too slow!

As the rumbles echoed, Xu Decai’s whale beast was about to retreat, but it was devoured by the Nether Beast.

The moment the whale beast was devoured, Xu Decai’s face turned pale and he coughed out a mouthful of blood.

“My Heavenly Dao!!” His voice was miserable and was filled with heartache. At this moment, Xu Decai’s eyes were red. His Heavenly Dao had been devoured; it was beyond his imagination and he was filled with disbelief.

Even though Wang Lin had a Heavenly Dao, he had never heard of a Heavenly Dao devouring another Heavenly Dao!!

He didn’t know Wang Lin’s Heavenly Dao had an item called the Space Stone!!

Wang Lin had left the cave world with the Heavenly Dao but left the laws set by the Heavenly Dao to maintain balance.

Wang Lin quickly retreated until he was 10,000 feet away, then he swallowed the Space Stone. This was the first time Wang Lin was able to take a breath and relax a bit in this battle.

Bursts of pain came from his body. He looked at Xu Decai with a hint of solemnity and excitement!

“A cultivator can’t cast spells this fast. This person must have encountered a great fortune and learned some special spell!! This should be impossible normally! If I can learn this kind of spell…”

Staring at Xu Decai, Wang Lin’s eyes shined. His heart was racing, but he didn’t rush out more. Ripples echoed under his feet and he disappeared.

The moment Wang Lin disappeared, Xu Decia’s spells arrived and echoed across the earth. Xu Decai turned around, and his eyes were filled with madness.

“You’ve devoured my Heavenly Dao, then give me your Heavenly Dao!”

However, no matter how Xu Decai searched, he could not find Wang Lin’s aura. It looked like he had the advantage in this battle, but his heart ached like crazy!

At this moment, the two mid stage Void Tribulant old monsters and the female early stage Void Tribulant cultivator left their teams and closed in.

But Wang Lin’s figure appeared even further away, in the team the three Void Tribulant cultivators had left behind.

Wang Lin’s goal was to lead the three of them away and begin a slaughter to kill everyone here.
