Chapter 1864

At the edge of the Extreme Sky Prairie, the early stage Void Tribulant female cultivator who was surrounded by thousands of cultivators opened her eyes. The illusory compass before her clearly revealed where Wang Lin was.

She saw the dot that represented Wang Lin disappear and then reappear far away. She immediately informed the cultivators chasing Wang Lin.

At this moment, the same thing happened once more. This gave the woman a bad feeling. Once was acceptable, but twice meant that there could be a third or fourth time. This would make killing Wang Lin extremely difficult!

“He must have a treasure that allows him to teleport. Our entire sect only has one of those, and there are no more than three in the Green Devil Continent. Even if it’s the Heavenly Bull Continent, they can’t have a lot. But this person actually has one!”

In her gaze, she was terrified to find the light that represented Wang Lin appear in a group of green dots, and they immediately disappeared. Shortly after, Wang Lin disappeared once more and appeared next to another group of green dots far away!

“The third time!!” The woman didn’t hesitate to inform all the Void Tribulant cultivators.

At this moment, miserable screams echoed where Wang Lin was. There was more than a dozen Green Devil Continent cultivators here surrounded by fog. The screams soon died down and the fog turned into Wang Lin.

Wang Lin’s face was slightly red and was no longer pale. In his battle with Xu Decai, he was seriously injured, so he had chosen the same method he had used in the cave world: to devour cultivators to heal.

After devouring two groups of Green Devil Continent cultivators in a row, Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he disappeared. After one incense stick of time, the third group of Green Devil Continent cultivators died and became part of Wang Lin’s healing process.

At this point, only two mid stage Void Tribulant cultivators and two early stage Void Tribulant cultivators were left! The four were very cautious and didn’t scatter. Each of the mid stage Void Tribulant cultivators stayed with one of the early stage Void Tribulat cultivators as they headed toward Wang Lin.

All of this was seen by Wang Lin. He looked at the compass and there was a flash of coldness in his eyes. His target was the early stage Void Tribulant cultivator who could cast spells quickly. That spell tempted Wang Lin.

At this moment, the sky began to brighten and dawn was about to arrive. However, the rain became even heavier, causing the ground to become even more muddy.

The distance was blurry due to the rain, and only the sound of rain could be heard. It was extra clear in this night of slaughter.

His gaze fell on the compass once more. The four green dots closed in from two different directions. Wang Lin watched for a long time and determined which green dot was the Void Tribulant cultivator he had battled before.

“Unfortunately, this compass… However, I already understand the internal structure and restrictions inside the compass. As long as I have the materials, I can make one,” Wang Lin muttered as he raised his left hand and a dull-looking origin soul appeared.

This was an origin soul he had taken from the three groups that were pursuing him. It had reached a certain cultivation level and was very complete; it also wasn’t damaged at all.

Wang Lin had already wiped the will from this origin soul. The only thing that remained was a confused origin soul body. Wang Lin’s left hand suddenly crushed the origin soul, but before it dissipated, Wang Lin injected a sliver of his divine sense before placing it in the compass.

The moment the origin soul entered the compass, it turned into smoke and surrounded the compass. Wang Lin’s right hand threw it. The origin soul seemed to begin burning and flew at a crazy speed before disappearing without a trace.

The origin soul had taken control of the compass. It was now burning itself to fly at a very fast speed toward the end of the world. It may not fly for long though, as the origin soul would burn until it exhausted itself and died. The compass would fall somewhere.

But this short period of time was enough for Wang Lin.

Although the compass was no longer in his hands, the divine sense Wang Lin had placed on the compass allowed him to feel where the four people hunting him were located.

Like how the cicada sheds its carapace, Wang Lin turned from prey to hunter!

His body flickered and he left this place, he reappeared in another part of the prairie. He sat down and felt the changes with the compass. He had the fire essence, so the mud under him naturally dried.

Time slowly passed, and in a flash, one hour went by. During this one hour of time, the distance between the four cultivators grew. The two mid stage Void Tribulant old monsters naturally didn’t wish to continue at this speed. Once they determined Wang Lin’s direction, they pulled ahead and chased after Wang Lin’s compass.

The two early stage Void Tribulant cultivators fell behind, and the distance between them and the two old monsters became even wider. Wang Lin opened his eyes, revealing a sliver of coldness.

He touched his chest. There was a Space Stone in his body. He still felt like the stone was extraordinary, but he still didn’t know its exact usage.

When the Nether Beast appeared and devoured the other Heavenly Dao, Wang Lin had an idea. He vaguely had some idea of the other uses for this item.

“It could allow the Nether Beast’s devour power to increase, but this stone contains endless space… When fused with the Nether Beast, a series of changes will take place…” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. He opened his mouth and there was a flash of ghostly light as the Space Stone flew into his hand.

Holding this stone, Wang Lin pondered for a moment. Ripples appeared and he disappeared without a trace.

Only the Space Stone fell on the ground and was hidden among the grass.

At this moment, Wang Lin appeared inside the Space Stone. This was the first time he had entered this strange stone with his body. The space he had chosen was one of the countless that were no different from the real world. It was not large, only a few hundred thousand kilometers in size.

There were mountains, light, earth, but no water.

Everyone here lacked water. It looked real but was still incomplete.

Sitting inside the Space Stone, Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he looked around. He then waved his right hand and a blue umbrella appeared. It flew into the air and slowly replaced the sky.

He waved his right hand once more and the gourd with 30 million dao souls appeared. It fused with the earth, causing it to tremble, and waves of death aura came from the ground.

After pondering a bit, Wang Lin raised his right hand and the golden print Xuan Luo had given him appeared. Wang Lin looked at the print and blew a breath on it. This caused the print to shine brightly, and Wang Lin threw it into the sky. It became the sun.

After doing all this, Wang Lin took out the Ghostly Sail he had made. The sail scattered and turned into the clouds in this world.

These clouds looked simple, but they could change into anything.

The last things he took out were Yi Si and the mosquito king. The mosquito king changed its size and disappeared into the white clouds.

As for Yi Si, it fused with the earth and was hidden by the earth aura coming from the 30 million dao souls in the ground.

“This world lacks karma…” Wang Lin muttered as he sat there. A vortex appeared between his eyebrows and then his karma essence condensed into a longsword and disappeared into the world.

“Also life and death, true and false…” As Wang Lin muttered, two essences flew out, forming two longswords, and they disappeared.

“Also slaughter and restriction…” A monstrous killing intent appeared, and the clouds became dark. Black snow began to fall, and each snowflake contained the restriction essence. Soon, the ground was covered in a thin layer of black snow.

“Also fire, thunder, water…” Wang Lin waved his arm and he stood up. Fire raged in his left eye and thunder flashed in his right eye. A sea of fire formed a sword, and the sword became a volcano.

The thunder also turned into a sword, and that sword turned into a sea of thunder! This sea was not made of water, but bolts of thunder!

After doing all this, Wang Lin waved his sleeve and disappeared from this place. A soft, ghostly light came from where the Space Stone had been dropped in the Extreme Sky Prairie. Wang Lin appeared and picked up the Space Stone, then he looked into the distance.

The field of slaughter had been prepared, now he just needed to grind the person by force!

Based on the divine sense he had left, the compass was about to perish. Behind the compass, the two mid stage Void Tribulant old monsters were about to catch up!

Far behind the two old monsters, the two early stage Void Tribulant cultivators were also rushing over.

Wang Lin slowly walked forward and ripples echoed, but he didn’t merge with the world to leave. He was still waiting.

One breath, two breaths, three breaths… Until the nineteenth breath, when Wang Lin clearly felt the compass collapse. The origin soul inside died and the trace of divine sense he had left there was also destroyed.

He vaguely heard two angry roars from that sliver of divine sense.

Wang Lin mercilessly took a step and he disappeared.
