Chapter 1866

Life and death, karma, true and false, fire, water, thunder! Six essences gathered to begin this slaughter.

The volcano collapsed, the thunder exploded, and the mouthful of blood water essence turned into gas. The three ethereal essence swords rushed in as Xu Decai’s roar echoed.

As the rumbles echoed, Xu Decai was covered in a light as he coughed out blood. He was in a sorry state and his face was pale as he retreated.

There was a lantern floating above his head, and the light around his body came from it. This treasure had protected him, so Xu Decai was only injured and hadn’t died to the six essences.

Killing a Void Tribulant cultivator was difficult, and Wang Lin had already experienced it. Seeing Xu Decai escape the first round of attacks, Wang Lin felt somewhat disappointed, but he was not discouraged. This was all expected!

Xu Decai was much more difficult than Liu Zhiyuan, so Wang Lin absolutely could not give him any time to breathe. Once Xu Decai had a chance to use his terrifying casting speed, Wang Lin would not be able to resist. At that point, this slaughter field would not be prepared to kill the other party but himself instead.

Wang Lin was very clear about this point, so when Xu Decai stared at the strange lamp, Wang Lin raised his hand without hesitation. He used the Stop spell despite the backlash he would suffer.

“Stop!!”

With one word, a huge wave was set off in Wang Lin’s body. The gap in their cultivation levels was quite large, so he had to pay a big price to stop Xu Decai. At this moment, he coughed out blood, but his expression became even more fierce.

Under the Stop spell, just as Xu Decai raised his right hand, his whole body trembled. He faintly felt countless threads wrap around him from all sides and enter his body to limit his movement.

Even the lantern above him became dim. Even its connection with Xu Decai was stopped by the Stop spell!

However, Xu Decai’s cultivation level was much higher than Wang Lin’s, so the Stop spell was only able to stop him for a moment. However, this moment allowed Wang Lin to interrupt Xu Decai’s casting and resistance, giving Wang Lin the chance to launch the second round of attacks!

The moment Wang Lin spoke, he waved his sleeve and the countless black snowflakes seemed to be swept by a violent gust of wind toward Xu Decai.

Even the dark snow on the earth was lifted by the wind toward Xu Decai. This black snow was formed by Wang Lin’s restriction essence, and every snowflake contained countless restrictions.

At this moment, all the snow in the world surrounded Xu Decai and launched a siege!!

All of this happened in an instant. Xu Decai suddenly recovered. His pupils shrank and were filled with fear.

“This… What kind of spell is this?! It can freeze all my actions and intentions; even most of my thoughts were frozen! I have never seen a spell like that!” After he regained his movement, he quickly retreated and raised his right hand.

“Stop!!” Wang Lin roared and pointed once more!

This time, Wang Lin coughed out a mouthful of blood and his face was pale but extremely fierce. Xu Decai, who had just regained his freedom, froze once more. For the first time, fear appeared in his eyes.

Black snow fell from the dark clouds, and the dark clouds were formed by Wang Lin’s Ghostly Sail. The reason the Ghostly Sail was the strongest treasure of the Great Soul Sect was its ability to ignore cultivation level and disturb one’s mind.

At this moment, the dark clouds in the sky rumbled and descended rapidly to form the back of a woman in white.

The woman was weeping. The sound of her weeping would pierce the heart and make one’s skin crawl. This woman was not a person, but a ghost!

At this moment, Wang Lin summoned the ghost that turned human. Just as Xu Decai regained his freedom, he saw the dark clouds turn into the woman in white. The figure of the woman in white appeared in his mind as well.

Xu Decai’s eyes became confused. At this moment, Wang Lin waved his sleeve and the earth rumbled. The 30 million dao souls that had fused with the ground rushed out like strands of black gas toward Xu Decai.

Soon, the 30 million dao souls brought Xu Decai’s body that was covered in black snow toward the sky. The blue sky was Wang Lin’s blue umbrella. Not only was it a powerful defense, it could also launch a powerful attack.

From a distance, it looked like Xu Decai’s body was being taken into the sky like a meteor. When he was brought close to the blue sky Wang Lin let out a roar.

“Kill!!”

Thunderous rumbles echoed as the blue sky collapsed and the 30 million dao souls all attacked. All of this destructive force went toward Xu Decai, who was in the center.

At the same time, the woman in white’s weeping led Xu Decai into a dream.

Wang Lin didn’t have time to look at the result. Early stage Void Tribulant cultivators were too difficult to kill. Such people were all famous, and fighting them meant that he couldn’t relax for a moment.

Wang Lin’s fire essence true body appeared behind him and he pointed at the sky.

“Seven-Colored Spell!” As his words echoed, the world was covered in seven-colored light. The seven-colored light condensed into two lances, and the one in the back was covered in fire. They shot out one after the other toward Xu Decai in the collapsed sky.

“War Spirit Print!” Wang Lin’s voice was hoarse as his palm pushed toward the sky. A giant palmprint appeared and another fire palmprint appeared. Both flew toward Xu Decai!

“Realm Burning Umbrella!!” Wang Lin let out a roar and both his hands moved, forming countless restrictions. A giant, open, fire ancient umbrella appeared, and behind it, another one appeared. Both umbrellas closed at the same time, releasing double the amount of destructive fire.

“Call the Wind, Summon the Rain!”

“Magic Arsenal!”

“Lands Collapse, Mountains Crumble!”

“Dark Moon, Clear Skies!!!” Wang Lin used almost every spell he knew. As his hands formed seals, he used Bai Fan’s Dark Moon, Clear Skies!

A dark moon suddenly appeared in the sky. One could vaguely see another dark moon hidden behind the first moon!

This was a double moon!

Thunderous rumbles echoed across the world as a miserable cry echoed. Under the collapsed black snow, the two seven-colored lances shot through the sky. The War Spirit Prints descended as well, and in the end, the two dark moons imprinted on Xu Decai’s body.

Xu Decai coughed out blood and his right hand exploded. He looked like he was a dried-up oil lamp and was seriously injured. If not for the lantern above his head, he would have died to the second round of attacks Wang Lin had prepared!

At this moment, the fire inside the lantern above his head flickered as if was about to extinguish. Xu Decai’s eyes were filled with monstrous fear upon feeling the looming threat of death shroud him. This was something he hadn’t felt in a long time.

“As long as I have a chance!! As long as I have a chance!!” Xu Decai’s clothes were dyed red from blood. Fear and madness filled his eyes as he retreated back. One step, two steps, he was about to take the third step!

“Stop!” Wang Lin was also risking it all. He coughed out blood and used the Stop spell for the third time. Xu Decai’s body trembled and his eyes were filled with despair. Wang Lin began the third and final round of attacks!

Wang Lin charged forward toward the seriously injured Xu Decai. At the same time, a roar filled with endless ferocity came from underground. The fierce Yi Si Puppet that had lost an arm charged out at Xu Decai!

Immediately after, the mosquito beast appeared and charged at Xu Decai at full speed.

This was Wang Lin’s third round of attacks and also where he had to kill Xu Decai!

Three directions, three sources of attack gathered with Xu Decai as the center. Yi Si was the first to close in, and it revealed a cruel smile. It raised its remaining arm and clawed at Xu Decai. With its early stage Void Tribulant cultivation, it caused heavy damage to the already seriously injured Xu Decai.

Xu Decai let out a miserable scream. His body had recovered for a movement, but then it exploded. It seemed like his body couldn’t stand the blow from Yi Si.

Xu Decai’s origin soul quickly flew away with the lantern. However, the mosquito king had been prepared for a long time. At this moment, it closed in and stabbed Xu Decai’s origin soul with its mouth and inhaled. Xu Decai’s screams became even more intense. If not for the lantern knocking the mosquito king away, he would have been devoured completely.

Just as the lantern’s light spread out, Yi Si was shrouded by the light. Its body released black gas, but the pain didn’t force it to retreat. Instead, it made it even more ferocious as it disregarded the pain, and its hand clawed forward.

Xu Decai’s origin soul let out a miserable scream. He became even weaker.

It was at this moment that Wang Lin closed in!

Xu Decai had suffered serious injuries. His body had collapsed and his origin soul was almost extinguished. If not for the protection of the unknown magical lantern, he would have died.

But this lantern was simply too strange. In order to kill Xu Decai, Wang Lin would have to cut his connection with the lantern. Wang Lin closed in and there was a flash of blood light as he grabbed the blood sword. He swung the blood sword down on Xu Decai’s head!
