Chapter 1871

When they were discussing this matter, Yan Lu realized that this was a great fortune. Summoning the soul of the Heavenly Bull to wear as an armor and gaining a big boost in cultivation level for a short period of time would help one increase their cultivation level and gain unimaginable benefits.

However, not everyone could do this. Only after forming a connection with the Heavenly Bull could one do this. The greater the connection, the more terrifying the increase in cultivation level.

Although it was a temporary increase, it would be much easier to climb to that cultivation level in the future.

This kind of opportunity was extremely rare. Only when the entire Heavenly Bull continent was threatened and the Heavenly Bull Seven Meridian Formation was activated could this happen.

Most importantly, the amount of times the Heavenly Bull soul was summoned couldn’t be high. If it was summoned too much, the soul of the Heavenly Bull would dissipate and the entire Heavenly Bull Continent would be affected.

This would affect the mortals and the foundation of the Heavenly Bull Continent!

Although this was the case, there would be some crazed people who would disregard all life and try to activate it by force. Someone like this would certainly be punished by the royal family!

This was an indisputable order in the land of the celestials. It had lasted for countless years, and no one had ever dared to violate it!

Once it was violated, one person would die, one sect would die, one continent would die!

The order stated that unless it came to the very survival of the cultivators on a continent, no one was allowed to damage the seals on the souls of the beasts! With the Green Devil Continent invading, this command became lax.

Yan Lu naturally desired such an opportunity. Xu Dongde also long for it and the three early stage Void Tribulant cultivators also long for it but they couldn’t compete with Lu Wenran. Even if Lu Wenran was injured but just based on the contribution in this war they couldn’t say anything.

The muffled rumbles from above still continued. It was like the scythe of death that could come to reap their life at any moment.

“Fellow cultivators, please sit down and release your full cultivation. Focus your thoughts on the Heavenly Bull and help me summon the soul of the Heavenly Bull Continent!” Lu Wenran’s heart was filled with excitement. He had waited for this opportunity for a long time. He knew that although the soul armor was dangerous, it wasn’t that big of a deal. Most importantly, if he missed this chance, he would have to wait for countless years for the next opportunity.

This time, there would be a total of seven people who would be eligible to obtain the soul armor. These seven people would be famous in the Heavenly Bull continent in the future!

After he spoke, the cultivators below pondered a bit and then sat down. They had no choice, this was the only way.

Yan Lu and company behind Lu Wenran were unwilling, but it was too late, so they could only secretly sigh and sit down. Right now, only Lu Wenran remained standing, and he could not hide the excitement in his eyes.

He looked at the old man named Zhou and nodded.

The old man named Zhou didn’t dare to refuse. His hands quickly formed seals and he began muttering a chant that only he could hear. His cultivation was lacking, and the reason he was in charge of this place and didn’t have to participate too much in the battle was because his body made it easier for him to communicate with the Heavenly Bull’s soul.

He was similar to the Green Devil Messengers, his identity was that of a Heavenly Bull servant!

Wang Lin was sitting inside the cave. His eyes lit up, but he didn’t act recklessly. He continued to wait!

Outside the cave, the old man named Zhou bit the tip of his tongue and coughed out blood. His right hand grabbed the blood and formed a blood seal.

“Heavenly Bull’s holy soul, I use my blood to guide the holy soul!” The old man’s expression was solemn as he threw the blood seal in his hand. The seal released a bright red light that shrouded the entire underground palace.

“Fellow cultivators, send your cultivation into this blood light!” the old man named Zhou suddenly shouted.

After he roared, the more than 1,000 cultivators released their full cultivation. Ripples echoed across the earth. When the last cultivator sent out their cultivation, they revealed a painful expression. All the cultivation they had spread out was absorbed by the blood light.

The endless bloodlight absorbed all the cultivation and flew back into the blood seal. There was a thunderous bang and then grey fog appeared.

The blood seal was at the center of the fog, and it slowly turned until a vortex formed. The vortex slowly sped up.

As it turned, thunderous rumbles started to echo. The depths of the vortex seemed to lead to a mysterious space. A crazed roar came out of the strange space.

Roar!!

The moment this sound appeared, the underground palace trembled. When the cultivators below heard this, their faces turned pale. They coughed out blood and look weakened.

Even the expressions of Yan Lu and company changed when they heard this roar.

This was the roar of the Heavenly Bull!

Lu Wenran could no longer hide his excitement and revealed it completely. He stared at the strange space inside the vortex and began to laugh as he listened to the roar of the Heavenly Bull.

His inner excitement had reached a limit. His eyes revealed desire and greed. He understood that it wouldn’t be long before he would be able to obtain that short burst of power that would benefit him greatly in the future!

Wang Lin was inside the cave and staring at the vortex in the sky. He listened to the roar of the Heavenly Bull. He was no stranger to this roar!

The first step to summoning the soul of the Heavenly Bull was the cultivation of more than 1,000 cultivators to open up the vortex to the sealed Heavenly Bull. The blood imprint was the second step!

“Fellow cultivators, take nine drops of 450 grams of blood, no more and no less, and gather it in you right index finger!” The old man named Zhou waved his right hand and a wound appeared on the tip of his right index finger. The proper amount of blood flew out.

At the same time, the more than 1,000 cultivators below raised their right hands. At this point, they had no path of retreat. They followed the old man named Zhou and squeezed out the proper amount of blood, which then flew out.

The large amount of blood condensed together to form a chain that swept into the vortex. After reaching deep into the vortex, it fiercely pulled out.

The roar of the Heavenly Pull echoed once more. The blood chain seemed like it was trying to pull out the soul of the Heavenly Bull.

The roar became even louder and Lu Wenran became even more excited. He licked his lips and his eyes were filled with monstrous longing.

“This is mine; this belongs to me, Lu Wenran! With the Heavenly Bull soul armor, I can slaughter my way out. Although the power will only last for a short period of time, I won’t easily return this armor!!” Lu Wenran stared at the vortex in excitement. He had waited a long time for this day!

The reason he had targeted Wang Lin was because of Esteemed Green Bull’s attitude toward Wang Lin, so he felt threatened. Then they were both sent here as well, which made Lu Wenran act the way he had.

The red chain continued to pull, and the roar of the Heavenly Bull became even more clear. A silhouette of the bull was being pulled out.

However, this didn’t last for long before the chain showed signs of not being able to last. Seeing this, there was a flash of coldness in Lu Wenran’s eyes.

“Fellow Cultivator Zhou!” Lu Wenran suddenly turned to look at the old man named Zhou. Then he glanced at Yan Lu and company.

The old man named Zhou smiled bitterly in his heart. He clenched his teeth and clasped his hands at Yan Lu and company.

“The Heavenly Bull is not coming out. I ask fellow seniors to release your origin souls to help me pull the soul out!” After the old man named Zhou spoke, his right hand touched his forehead and his origin soul flew out. He flew toward the vortex and grabbed the chain.

At this time, under Lu Wenran’s red and threatening gaze, the three early stage Void Tribulant cultivators from the Extreme Sky Prairie sat down and close their eyes. They felt helpless as their origin souls flew out to help the old man named Zhou.

“Elder Yan Lu, Elder Dongde!” Lu Wenran looked at the two of them with a chilling gaze.

Yan Lu let out a sigh and no longer hesitated. Both of them sat down and their origin souls flew out, grabbing the red chain. With the power of five Void Tribulant cultivators and the old man named Zhou as the guide, everyone pulled.

The Heavenly Bull inside the vortex let out a heaven-shattering roar. It echoed through the palace, through the earth, and even to the surface.

As the roar echoed, a giant Heavenly Bull silhouette was pulled out from the vortex. A terrifying pressure shrouded the area!

The moment the Heavenly Bull silhouette appeared, it shined brightly and attracted the gazes of all the cultivators below. The Heavenly Bull silhouette shrank rapidly before everyone’s gazes and turned into a suit of armor that floated in the air!

The armor was completely black and gave off a powerful soul aura!

The moment the armor appeared, Yan Lu and company’s origin souls returned to their bodies, and they revealed complicated expressions. Lu Wenran laughed as he charged toward the armor.

“The Heavenly Bull third meridian’s soul armor belongs to me, Lu Wenran!”

However, just as Lu Wenran was about to walk out, a ray of light charged toward the armor from a cave not far away!

“I don’t agree that the soul armor belongs to you!”
