Chapter 1885

The Heavenly Bull charged toward the sun like crazy. Edge Cloud’s cultivation level was very high with the soul armor, but after the Heavenly Bull rushed toward the sun, his cultivation level reduced greatly. It fell back down to mid stage Void Tribulant from late stage Void Tribulant.

He had used this spell by giving up the short time he had left to wear the armor in order to break Sundered Night!

All of this happened in a flash. The Heavenly Bull quickly collided with the sun and thunderous rumbles echoed. Wang Lin coughed out blood. When Sundered Night collapsed, he was knocked back thousands of feet.

As for Edge Cloud, he seemed to have aged thousands of years and blood flowed out from his mouth as he retreated. However, how could Wang Lin let him escape? Wang Lin ignored his injuries and rushed out toward Edge Cloud. He was going to take advantage of the fact that the soul armor had dissipated to kill Edge Cloud.

Tang Jia silently pondered and no longer attacked. She had only helped on behalf of her sister. At this moment, she looked at Wang Lin with a complicated expression and then disappeared into the distance.

Wang Lin was filled with killing intent and closed in on Edge Cloud. He raised his right hand and smashed down on Edge Cloud. This punch contained his Ancient Dao power, and the world changed colors. Edge Cloud was knocked back and coughed out blood.

Wang Lin’s body also trembled, but he clenched his teeth and charged out once more.

The two of them attacked several times, and fear appeared in Edge Cloud’s eyes. He had seen crazy people before, but he had never met a madman like Wang Lin, who was doing whatever it took to kill with no regard to himself.

Just as Wang Lin and Edge Cloud were fighting, several thousands of kilometers away, a giant, black hand appeared and reached toward this location.

Wang Lin’s expression sank and he gave up on trying to kill Edge Cloud. The ripples under his feet echoed and he disappeared, merging with the world.

The giant, black hand closed in and pulled Edge Cloud back into the Gui Yi Sect.

This battle was very short. It wasn’t until after Wang Lin left that the four stars in the sky fell to the earth. Thunderous rumbles echoed through the 1,000 kilometer area, and large amounts of dust covered the region. It took a long time for the dust to clear, leaving only countless pieces of smoking, black stones.

Ripples echoed above a mountain that was two months of flight away. Wang Lin stepped out with a pale expression. He stood there and pondered for a long time.

A moment later, he looked up and around. His expression was bleak.

“Heavenly Bull Continent, it’s time to leave…” With a sigh, Wang Lin looked dow,n and he was startled.

He was familiar with this place as he had come here before. This was where the Seven Dao Sect was located.

He had moved inadvertently and didn’t have a fixed location, but he didn’t expect to actually come here.

Looking at the black fog surrounding the mountain below, Wang Lin let out a sigh. He charged into the fog and flew toward the direction of the Seven Dao Sect.

Soon after, Wang Lin saw a group of palaces that gave off a decaying aura in the mountains. Wang Lin landed in the square outside the main hall. Most of the stone here was damaged and covered in weeds. He sat down and looked at the Seven Dao Sect. The bleak feeling in his heart was slowly replaced by warmth.

In some sense, this place was his home.

Wang Lin closed his eyes and sat here to adjust his injuries. He had long put away the soul armor, and in his weakened state, he released Yi Si to guard him.

In a flash, three days passed. After three days, Wang Lin opened his eyes and looked at the Seven Dao Sect. The first time he came, he had only swept the area. Now that it was his second time and he held the complicated feeling of having to leave the Heavenly Bull Continent, he walked through the Seven Dao Sect.

He walked past every building and the places where the Seven Dao Sect disciples had lived.

In the end, he walked into the main hall of the Seven Dao Sect. There was a huge throne there. It obviously belonged to the Seven-Colored Celestial Sovereign.

Looking at the silent hall, the table and chairs were covered in dust. It gave off a sense of decay.

Wang Lin stood there and watched for a long time. He closed his eyes and seemed to feel the existence of the cave world. He suddenly felt homesick.

He missed the cave world, he missed everyone there.

He seemed to be able to see into the cave world. A beautiful woman with long, fluttering hair was standing on the hill and looking up at the dark sky as if she was looking for a pair of eyes up there.

After a long time, Wang Lin opened his eyes and walked out of the temple. He stood in the Seven Dao Sect alone, and his expression gradually became gloomy.

He still had to face the cruel reality.

“A dramatic change must have taken place in the Heavenly Bull Continent during these months! This change caused them to change their reward to me… Or force me to leave… But they allowed me to leave…

“As for the Great Soul Sect…” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. He vaguely felt like he had grasped something, but it wasn’t clear. He raised his right hand and opened his palm. A three-inch person immediately appeared.

After the little person appeared, it knelt down and bowed at Wang Lin three times!

Wang Lin’s heart trembled and he closed his palm. His divination was blurry and he could not see anything, but one sentence appeared in his heart.

“The matter of the reward has its own reasons. This old man will not change. If Wang Lin doesn’t agree quickly, this is the proof this old man will now leave!”

This sentence came from the hair that Old Ancestor Green Bull had left with the Gui Yi Sect’s sect master for Wang Lin.

Wang Lin carefully thought about this sentence. The Soul Eye Dao had revealed a blur, and only this sentence appeared. There had to be a hidden meaning inside!

Wang Lin muttered it several times and his body suddenly trembled violently. He suddenly looked up and his eyes shined brightly.

“The matter of the reward has its own reasons there. This old man will not change. If Wang Lin doesn’t agree quickly, this is the proof this old man will now leave!”

“The last word of each line are: there, change, quickly, leave!

“There are change, quickly leave!

“Something has changed, leave!” Wang Lin took a deep breath. This sentence was a secret reminder. No matter how it was explained, it was Old Ancestor Green Bull’s method of telling Wang Lin to quickly leave!

“Even with Old Ancestor Green Bull’s cultivation level, he had to imply this to me. He even worried about me not understanding and worked with the Gui Yi Sect’s sect master to give me an unfair reward to force me out from the Heavenly Bull Continent…

“Once I leave, that means I can’t stay in the Heavenly Bull Continent and will have to leave as soon as possible… Old Ancestor Green Bull wants me to leave the Heavenly Bull Continent as soon as possible…” Wang Lin silently pondered. He felt like there was a huge mystery covering the Heavenly Bull Continent, and it was the reason for the sudden change in attitude of the Great Soul Sect and the Gui Yi Sect.

Similarly, Wang Lin speculated that this mystery was likely connected to the Green Devil Continent. He always had doubts about the real reason the two continents had gone to war...

Wang Lin thought about it a lot, but all of it was his speculation; he didn’t know the real secret. After a moment, Wang Lin looked into the distance and revealed a decisive gaze.

“Forget it, this place is already murky water. Since the matter has already occured, it’s useless to think about. It is time to leave the Heavenly Bull Continent…

“However, I fear that leaving won’t be so simple. There will likely be obstructions… If my guess is correct, a majority of them will be from the Green Devil Continent!” Wang Lin muttered to himself. He was about to leave, but his expression suddenly changed and he looked at the mountain covered in black fog. In a flash, he disappeared without a trace.

After Wang Lin disappeared, the fog churned and a figure flew in from the outside. This figure was very careful and carefully looked around to make sure there was no one following him before he felt relieved. He slowly landed on the square of the Seven Dao Sect.

“Damn it, I encountered some problems on the way and arrived a few days late. I hope I didn’t delay the arrangement set by the old ancestor…” The figure looked nervous as he looked around. Then he found a corner and was about to sit down.

However, just at this moment, a voice echoed through the square.

“Du Qing!”

This figure was Du Qing. After he heard someone shouting his name, he immediately flew into the air in panic. But soon that panic became joy!

“Fellow Cultivator Wang Lin!” He heard Wang Lin’s voice.

Wang Lin frowned and appeared. He looked at Du Qing, who he hadn’t seen for a while, and suddenly spoke.

“Who told you to come here?”

“Elder Wang, it was the Great Soul Sect’s Old Ancestor Green Bull who found me a few months ago to arrive here three days ago to deliver something to you.” Du Qing quickly landed before Wang Lin, and his right hand reached out. A black stone appeared in his hand.

This stone looked every ordinary. Du Qing had spent the whole time trying to find some clues along the way, but he couldn’t find anything. However, he remembered how serious Old Ancestor Green Bull’s expression was, so he felt that it was definitely a treasure.

Wang Lin’s eyes lit as he took the black stone and looked at it. His pupils shrank. He felt the aura of the Soul Eye Dao from it.
