Chapter 1886

Wang Lin held the black stone up. It was not a Space Stone. He looked up at Du Qing and clasped his hands.

“Many thanks, Brother Du!”

Du Qing quickly shook his head. He blinked and softly asked, “What is inside?”

Wang Lin faintly smiled and shook his head without answering. He looked at the sky and spoke slowly.

“I won’t say more. Brother Du, if there is a chance, we will meet again. Goodbye!” Wang Lin let out a sigh and disappeared with one step toward the sky.

As Du Qing looked at Wang Lin’s departing figure, he vaguely understood something. He secretly let out a sigh and shook his head. He then turned into a ray of light to head back to the Great Soul Sect to tell Old Ancestor Green Bull he had completed his task.

Wang Lin merged with the world and left the Seven Dao Sect. He appeared in a desolate desert, which was not common in the Heavenly Bull Continent.

It was night and the cold wind was blowing through the desert. The wind was bone-chilling and was enough to freeze mortals. Cultivators could resist it, but for third step cultivators like Wang Lin, this wind felt gentle.

He was still holding the black stone in his hand. He lowered his head and looked at the stone in his palm. He didn’t know if he should open it.

Although he didn’t know what it was, the Soul Eye Dao aura secretly told Wang Lin the method to opening it.

A moment later, Wang Lin revealed a decisive gaze. He opened his palm and the three-inch little person appeared next to the black stone. In a flash, it entered the stone.

Crackling sounds echoed across the desert night, entering Wang Lin’s ears along with the howl of the wind. After the three-inch little person entered, thin cracks appeared on the stone, and within three breaths of time, it shattered completely.

Four balls of light suddenly flew out!

After seeing the four balls of light, Wang Lin’s heart trembled and he was startled.

The first ball of light contained a fist-sized earthman. The earthman was sitting down. It had no orifices, but its body constantly changed between armor and humanoid.

Burst of earth element came from it. It seemed to fuse with the sand here, causing the sand to gently move.

Wang Lin didn’t know much about the suits of armor from the Gui Yi Sect, but he had seen some in the cave world and the ones the Gui Yi Sect had gifted out to the messengers.

However, those suits of armor could not compare to the human armor inside the ball of light in terms of appearance or aura! Even Wang Lin, who didn’t know much, could tell that they were not on the same level.

This human-shaped armor was likely rare even in the Gui Yi Sect! Wang Lin didn’t know what price Old Ancestor Green Bull had paid to obtain one for Wang Lin.

Wang Lin silently pondered.

Inside the second ball of light, there was a small, black sail. To be precise, it was a Ghostly Sail. It gave off an aura that would make one lose themselves in a dream.

Wang Lin could feel the aura of the primary Ghost Sail that was used as the sect protection formation of the Great Soul Sect. If Wang Lin’s speculation was correct, then this was the Vice Ghostly Sail that was part of the reward for killing Wang Lin!!

Looking at the little Ghostly Sail, Wang Lin felt an indescribable feeling.

The Sect Protection Ghostly Sail was very important to the Great Soul Sect. But Old Ancestor Green Bull had unexpectedly gifted it to him.

Wang Lin could only silently ponder.

Inside the third ball of light ,there was a brown bead. This bead was the same size as the Heaven Defying Bead, and even its aura was similar. After seeing this bead, Wang Lin had the illusion that he was looking at the Heaven Defying Bead that had fused with his soul.

“This is…” Wang Lin was startled for a moment as he stared at it. He found more and more aspects that were the same as his Heaven Defying Bead, but it wasn’t all of it.

Although the bead was very similar to the Heaven Defying Bead, it was like comparing the firefly to the bright moon. One could become the sun, while the other could only be a faint starlight.

Wang Lin felt the aura of the Heavenly Bull from this bead. Although he didn’t know what it was, he had his guesses. It had a deep connection with the Heavenly Bull.

Anything related to the Heavenly Bull was an important treasure to the Heavenly Bull Continent. It would not be easily given out, nor would it be allowed to leave the Heavenly Bull Continent. However, the bead had been sent to Wang Lin. Although it seemed very light, it weighed heavily on Wang Lin’s heart.

There was also the fourth ball of light. Inside was a broken tortoise shell that was covered in some pattern. Looking at it with the naked eye, it was blurry. However, when he looked at it with his divine sense, Wang Lin suddenly looked back toward the Great Soul Sect.

He seemed to see an old man in the Great Soul Sect sitting on the Green Sky Mountain. The old man was smiling at him, and he raised his right hand as if he was saying goodbye to Wang Lin.

The tortoise shell contained the entire map of the Eastern Continent. It was not very detailed, and the further from the Heavenly Bull Continent it was, the more vague it became. It was mostly just a rough outline and simple introduction.

But this map was extremely important to Wang Lin right now!

In the tortoise shell, aside from the map, there was also a detailed description of the Heavenly Bull bead, which enlightened Wang Lin greatly.

Esteemed Green Bull left only one sentence. It wasn’t in the form of a divine sense message, it had been engraved inside the tortoise shell.

“Have a safe trip… After three hundred years, come back to see the Great Soul Sect…” There was no explanation, and it didn’t mention the three conditions. It simply ended Wang Lin’s karma with the Heavenly Bull Continent with this one sentence.

Wang Lin revealed a complicated expression. After a long time, he put away the human-shaped armor and the Ghostly Sail. He held up the Heavenly Bull Bead and put the soul of the Heavenly Bull inside. Now he could take it anywhere he went.

In the end, he carefully put the tortoise shell away and looked toward the Great Soul Sect. He clasped his hands and bowed.

“I’ll return…” Wang Lin muttered before turning around. He flew away into the sky, toward the borders according to the map. He was going to the Dong Lin Sect!

The Dong Lin Sect was in the northern part of the Eastern Continent in the Great Sage Continent. It was five continents away from the Heavenly Bull Continent! It was far away, and flying there would require years of time. Even with Spatial Bending, because Wang Lin couldn’t use it repeatedly, it would still take him one to two years.

And to head to the Dong Lin Sect, there was one place he had to pass: the Green Devil Continent! If he were to go around, it would waste even more time, and it would not just be five continents. There would be even more dangerous places to traverse.

After pondering for a moment, Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. He vaguely guessed that the change in the Great Soul Sect and the Gui Yi Sect was related to the Green Devil Continent. He didn’t know if he was right or wrong, but if he was right, then there would likely be someone waiting for him at the edge of the Heavenly Bull Continent.

Although going to the Green Devil Continent seemed dangerous, the place was mostly empty now… Perhaps the most dangerous place was actually the safest.

After all, very few people would think that Wang Lin would dare to head to the Green Devil Continent alone...

After making his decision, Wang Lin changed directions and used Spatial Bending toward the Pill Sea. He was very careful as he charged at the Pill Sea.

When he could not use Spatial Bending, he didn’t fly through the air. After all, everyone in the Heavenly Bull Continent was his enemy right now. Whether it was cultivators from the Heavenly Bull Continent or the Green Devil Continent, as long as they recognized him, it would be a slaughter.

After all, ordinary Heavenly Bull Continent cultivators only knew of the Soul Order, not the details.

But Wang Lin was unwilling to kill Heavenly Bull Continent cultivators, so whenever he could not use Spatial Bending, he would go into hiding. Once the time had passed, he would rush once more.

As a result, his movement was a lot slower. When he moved past the Extreme Sky Prairie and was only one Spatial Bending from the Pill Sea, which would take about three months of flight, several months had already passed.

At this part of the Heavenly Bull Continent, it was currently winter. Snow was falling from the sky, and this storm extended for tens of thousands of kilometers.

It would still take half a month for Wang Lin to use Spatial Bending again. He spent this time in closed door cultivation, and his injuries improved. He stepped on the snow and faced the cold wind as he moved forward.

Not far from him, there was a mortal city in the snowy dusk that emitted scattered light. The smoke rose into the sky and blended together with the snow. It was very calm and very beautiful.

This was the first time Wang Lin was going to enter the mortal world in the Immortal Astral Continent. Although this place was still some distance from the Pill Sea, it was still considered its neighbor, but it was not destroyed when the Pill Sea collapsed.

No mortals should have died due to the collapse of the Pill Sea. After all, the legend of the Pill Sea had existed for a long time. Whether it was the Green Devil Continent or the Heavenly Bull Continent, they would have made the area around the Pill Sea a forbidden land for mortals.

However, if the Celestial Pill had exploded closer to the Heavenly Bull Continent, then the city before Wang Lin would have instantly disappeared.

The snowstorm became even more intense.

The wind howled as if there was an evil spirit roaring in the sky. The rising smoke was immediately scattered before it could gather. The people in the city all wore cotton clothing and quickly walked home with their heads down.

Wang Lin walked into the city at this moment.
