Chapter 1888

The terrifying destructive force was completely resisted by Wang Lin’s Ancient Dao shadow, his powerful physical body, and the mysterious human-shaped earth element armor.

Even so, Wang Lin felt his origin soul tremble, and he was forced back tens of thousands of feet as blood flowed out from the corner of his mouth. A palm-sized fracture appeared at the chest area of the earth element armor, but it didn’t collapse.

“They want to injure me to… delay me!” Wang Lin had tried Spatial Bending, but the area had been sealed. Even with the soul armor, he was unable to cross this mountain.

As Wang Lin retreated, the monstrous sword energy closed in. It was extremely amazing, as if it was going to cut the earth in half with this strike. It instantly closed in.

Wang Lin suddenly raised his head and his right hand punched toward the sword. When facing this kind of extreme sword shadow, spells were too complex. It was better to just throw a punch.

A thunderous rumble echoed as the sword shadow trembled and collapsed. However, Wang Lin felt his right arm go numb and the arm of the human-shaped armor cracked.

The sword energy rushed into Wang Lin’s body and was about to launch a destructive attack when Wang Lin suppressed it by force. He charged toward the young man standing at the top of the mountain.

The young man had a cold expression as he stared at Wang Lin. He was Void Cloud!

As Wang Lin closed in, Void Cloud raised his sword and the second strike appeared. A monstrous sword shadow cut down on Wang Lin!

This strike was 30% stronger than the previous one. Wang Lin let out a roar as he threw a punch with his right hand.

Thunderous rumbles echoed and the second sword collapsed. The right arm of Wang Lin’s earth element armor exploded.

But after the second strike disappeared, Void Cloud released the third and fourth strikes!

Two monstrous sword energy strikes shot toward Wang Lin. Thunderous rumbles echoed as Wang Lin charged forward. He was about 1,000 feet from Void Cloud, and his face was filled with killing intent.

Void Cloud’s face was slightly pale as he stared at Wang Lin. When Wang Lin closed in, he bit the tip of his tongue and spat out blood. This blood was golden and turned into sword shadows that shot toward Wang Lin.

Immediately after, he raised his right hand and an ancient sword filled with a royal aura appeared. He grabbed it and jumped into the air. He released the final strike after the nine sword shadows!

When Wang Lin saw the ancient sword that gave off a royal aura, he immediately felt a trace of Grand Empyrean power from it!

This sword was the same as his gold print. It was a treasure formed by a Grand Empyrean by condensing a spell!

As the nine sword shadows closed in. Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. He was going to leave. and anyone who tried to block him would have to endure his anger. The armor on his right arm had collapsed, but he still had his left arm!

His left arm formed a first and he threw nine punches at the nine sword shadows!

“Let’s see whether your sword is sharper or my fist is harder!”

A thunderous rumble echoed across the mountains, forming a storm that swept the area. The nine sword shadows collapsed and so did the armor on Wang Lin’s left arm. However, he was above to move forward 1,000 feet and got within 200 feet of Void Cloud, who was about to release one last strike!

“A treasure condensed from a spell by a Grand Empyrean, I have one as well!” Wang Lin didn’t use Sundered Night. Even with his cultivation level increased by the soul armor, he could not use it twice in a row.

He had to save it for the critical moment. The battle with Void Cloud seemed difficult, but not enough for Wang Lin to use Sundered Night!

He had seen through the thoughts of Void Cloud and the two Green Devil Messengers. This battle was purely to delay him.

The moment Wang Lin’s words echoed, his right hand reached at the void and a golden print appeared!

After the golden print appeared, it collided with the ancient sword. A thunderous rumble echoed and Void Cloud coughed out blood. He looked weakened now. The sword in his hand shattered into countless fragments and he was knocked into the ground.

A deep crack appeared on Wang Lin’s gold print, but it didn’t break. It became dim, and Wang Lin put it away. When two treasures made by Grand Empyreans collided, the quality of the treasures and spells didn’t matter. The main focus was the amount of faith power they had used to form the treasures.

To be born from nothing was already a mysterious thing. It was obvious that the faith power in Void Cloud’s sword was far below that of Wang Lin’s gold print!

After putting away the gold print, Wang Lin stood at the top of the mountain and coldly stared at Void Cloud, who landed not far away.

Blood continued to leak out from Void Cloud’s mouth. He looked at Wang Lin, and he looked defeated.

“I lost…” He didn’t mention the fact that Wang Lin was wearing the Heavenly Bull soul armor nor did he mention the Grand Empyrean treasure. A loss was a loss!

“But you also lost…” Void Cloud struggled to stand up and looked at Wang Lin with a complicated expression.

“Your soul armor is almost out of time. Their self-destructions and my effort were to merely delay you here for a while… We didn’t think or figure out you would actually leave through here…”

As Void Cloud spoke, Wang Lin charged toward the other side of the mountain. He didn’t listen to his nonsense, and as he charged forward, he waved his right hand. A ray of blood light pierced through the eyebrows of the seriously injured Void Cloud.

There was no miserable scream and there was no resistance. The blood sword penetrated Void Cloud’s head and returned to Wang Lin.

As for the dead Void Cloud, Wang Lin had no time to check if it was the original body or an avatar. He felt a sense of crisis growing, and this feeling was similar to when he first met Daoist Water.

What Wang Lin was looking at from the endless mountain range was an endless desert. This was the most common type of landscape for the Meng Earth Continent; almost 70% of the continent was like this.

Rumor said that a long time ago, a foreign cultivator came here and was defeated by the Celestial Ancestor. The cultivator was sealed here, and he had a terrifying earth power, so after he was sealed here, this continent became like this.

This person was rumored to be named “Meng,” so after countless years, this place was named Meng Earth Continent!

This place was filled with the aura of the earth essence, similar to the Green Devil Continent. The Green Devil Continent was a continent of earth essence. The Green Devil Scorpion was a fierce beast that lived in the earth.

However, it was covered up by its devilish aura, making it difficult to notice.

These rumors were record in detail in the tortoise shell given to Wang Lin. These thoughts appeared in his mind, but he didn’t have time to think about them. He borrowed the speed of the soul armor to rush toward the Meng Earth Continent while he couldn’t use Spatial Bending.

He was getting closer and closer. The tens of thousands of kilometers of distance were crossed quickly by Wang Lin. He was only 1,000 kilometers away; the Meng Earth Continent was in sight!

But just at this moment, the world changed colors and blinding light came from six different locations before Wang Lin. Ripples echoed. These were signs of transfer arrays activating!

The transfer arrays activated quickly. Just as Wang Lin looked over, dozens of figures appeared in each of the six transfer arrays!

More than 100 figures appeared, and powerful auras spread out.

The activation of these six transfer arrays cost the Green Devil Continent a great price, especially since they were teleporting so many people. The higher the cultivation level, the greater the price. If it was a third step cultivator, the price was indescribable.

And these hundreds of cultivators were all very powerful. Transferring them had depleted more than 100,000 years of savings from the Green Devil Continent!

These people were originally lying in ambush at various borders of the Heavenly Bull Continent, waiting for Wang Lin. However, due to an error in their prediction, they had to forcibly teleport people here. This was only a portion of the people, and there were even more teleporting here.

These cultivators all wore similar clothes. Although the colors were different, the black and white moon patterns on their clothes were all the same!

Wang Lin had seen this pattern on the tortoise shell. This symbol belonged to the number one sect of the Green Devil Continent, the Devil Dao Sect!

The blockades and chase targeting Wang Lin was not an effort by the entire Green Devil Continent, just the Devil Dao Sect!

The Meng Earth Continent was 1,000 kilometers away, but the Devil Dao Sect had arrived to stop Wang Lin. The feeling that a crisis was approaching became even stronger!

Wang Lin’s pupils shrank. As he rushed forward, the more than 100 cultivators that had appeared from the six transfer arrays flew out. At the same time, they all threw something toward Wang Lin!

“Nine heads of cultivators from the Extreme Sky Prairie!”

“Six heads of cultivators from the Extreme Sky Prairie!”

“Head of the rogue Void Tribulant cultivator from from the Extreme Sky Prairie!”

“Extreme Sky Prairie…”

Those cold voices echoed through the world and entered Wang Lin’s ears, causing his heart to tremble. He looked at the heads and their miserable expressions. He was familiar with them; they were the cultivators that had fought alongside him for several months at the third meridian and survived!

He didn’t know their names, but he had remembered their faces. The hundreds of heads were almost half of the people that had survived the Extreme Sky Prairie...

“Don’t you like human heads? This is the first gift my Dao Devil Sect is giving you!” A poisonous voice echoed through the world.

“Devil Dao Sect… If I leave this place today, I’ll return and destroy your entire sect!!” Wang Lin’s eyes revealed a monstrous red light, and he made this oath in his heart. This was the first time he felt such a strong desire to destroy a sect on the Immortal Astral Continent!
