Chapter 1889

“Sundered Night!” Wang Lin suddenly turned around. He knew it would be extremely difficult to leave. The Devil Dao Sect was willing to do everything to kill him!

The surrounding cultivators and the heads that covered the earth were enough to explain everything!

If he wanted to leave, he would have to give it his all! He had to be fast, or else more Devil Dao Sect cultivators would arrive through the transfer array. At some point, Wang Lin would have no chance of leaving!

The longer he stayed here, the lower his chance of survival!

After saying these two words, the border to the Meng Earth Continent was suddenly filled with the illusion of a sea and was shrouded by the darkness of night.

After Sundered Night appeared, Wang Lin used the strongest spell he could use as a cultivator. The sun rose and released the power to tear apart the night.

No matter what cultivation level, the hundreds of Devil Dao Sect cultivators let out a miserable screams under the force of Sundered Night. Their bodies collapsed and their origin souls were destroyed.

There was also the hundred people coming through the transfer array. Before their bodies could condense, they died.

After Sundered Night, the world changed colors. Aside from Wang Lin, there was no other living soul. His face was deathly pale and the soul armor was about to dissipate. He didn’t hesitate to charged toward the Meng Earth Continent 1,000 kilometers away!

It wasn’t that he didn’t consider destroying the seven transfer arrays, but these transfers arrays were abnormal. They had remained intact after Sundered Night, meaning he could now destroy them quickly!

In a flash, Wang Lin crossed half of the 1,000 kilometer distance, but at this moment, the seven transfer arrays lit up. Even more powerful fluctuations came from the transfer array and the third wave of 100 cultivators chased after Wang Lin.

There were four mid stage Void Tribulant and four late stage Void Tribulant cultivators among these hundred. The Devil Dao Sect was bringing out almost all their power to hunt Wang Lin!

They were using the force of an entire sect to kill a person! This kind of slaughter was related to private grudges, but that wouldn’t be the only reason. No sect master or ancestor of the nine sects and thirteen factions would be so blind!!

Wang Lin’s eyes were bloodshot. As the hundred of people chased after him, he knew it would be impossible to cross this 500 kilometer distance. Various spells and treasures from cultivators flew toward Wang Lin. As the five Void Tribulant cultivators closed in, Wang Lin raised his right hand and all the Ancient Dao power inside him erupted. A giant Ancient Dao shadow appeared behind him.

This shadow was a bit blurry. It was apparent it had been damaged from the self-destruction of the two Green Devil Messengers. However, it still gave people a sense of suppression from the bottom of their hearts!

“God Tremble, Army Formation!”

“Demon Spell, Wind and Fire Mountain!”

“Devil Dao, Life and Death Reverse!”

Wang Lin’s right hand pushed forward. The 100 cultivators, aside from the late stage Void Tribulant old monsters, all trembled and their flight paths became distorted. They all lined up like a mortal army before Wang Lin!

This was the army formation! The power of God Tremble echoed like ripples, causing half of these cultivators to bleed from their orifices!

Wang Lin’s fist opened to a palm and smoke came out of the heads of the cultivators. The smoke condensed into a mountain above them. This mountain was made of smoke and smashed down!

The palm turned into a point. Life and death changed as the cultivators let out miserable cries. Most of them collapsed, but the only late stage Void Tribulant cultivator not restricted by this closed in on Wang Lin. At this moment, Wang Lin’s Ancient Dao No Celestial’s full power erupted!

“God, Demon, Devil, Ancient Dao No Celestials!”

This Ancient Dao No Celestials was casted after his cultivation level was increased to early stage Void Tribulant by the soul armor. Its power was amazing, and although different from Sundered Night, the destructive power was the same!

Thunderous rumbles rang out and a grey ripple echoed. The 100 cultivators all died. The expression of the late stage Void Tribulant old monster changed and he quickly retreated. However, he still touched the grey ripples.

The old man’s face immediately turned white and his legs began to turn into stone. He touched his own body with his hands, and every time he did so, he sent in a burst of energy to resist the Ancient Dao power invading his body.

Aside from him, all the Devil Dao Sect cultivators at the border of the Green Devil Continent died!

Blood flowed out from the corner of Wang Lin’s mouth. He had used up all his Ancient Dao power and the armor around him became weak. Parts of it had already turned into threads and it was about to dissipate.

Wang Lin clenched his teeth and rushed forward. In a flash, 500 kilometers became 200 kilometers!

However, just at this moment, the seven transfer arrays lit up once more. The fourth wave of cultivators appeared and chased after Wang Lin.

“War Spirit Print!

“Seven-Colored Lance!

“Dark Moon Clear Sky!

“Flowing Time!!

“Essences, condense!!” Wang Lin’s eyes were red. He was going to cast all his spells before his soul armor dissipated to kill these Devil Dao cultivators!

After the War Spirit Print was used, the huge, six-fingered palm print smashed down toward the 100 people. At the same time, the third transformation the Seven-Colored Lance flew forward.

Dark Moon Clear Sky turned into a bloody moon. It began a corrosive slaughter with the reversal of time and the eruption of his essences. When Wang Lin casted all these spells, a thunderous bang echoed. The soul armor around Wang Lin turned into threads and gathered on the right side of his face.

However, under Wang Lin’s crazed attacks, almost all the cultivators from the fourth wave died. Only three survived, and they looked at Wang Lin with deep fear in their eyes!

After the continuous attacks, three of the seven transfer arrays finally collapsed!

Wang Lin was knocked back and was only 100 kilometers from the Meng Earth Continent, but not only did the feeling of the crisis not lessen, it became even stronger.

The four remaining transfer arrays were no longer fixed, but a strange force shrouded them, allowing them to move in a way no cultivator could. In a flash, they appeared 50 kilometers away from Wang Lin.

The moment they appeared, they released a blinding light and the fifth wave of 100 cultivators rushed out toward Wang Lin, filled with killing intent!

The moment these cultivators appeared, the several Void Tribulant cultivators that had dodged Wang Lin’s attack closed in. They circled Wang Lin, not giving him a chance to escape.

Wang Lin’s eyes were bloodshot. Only a small portion of his soul armor hadn’t dissipated. His spells seemed to have been used up, but he still had a trick left!

His fire essence true body appeared and suddenly spread out. In instantly shrouded the area.

“Ethereal Fire, burn!!” Wang Lin roared with his hoarse voice. The 100 cultivators here were filled with emotions, so they were the best fuel for Ethereal Fire!

The Ethereal Fire began to burn the cultivators. Bursts of fire lit up and miserable screams echoed.

“Anyone who blocks me will die!!” Wang Lin bit his tongue to force his fatigue to disappear. With a roar, he rushed forward. With a flash of blood-colored light, the blood sword appeared in his right hand. He waved his left hand and the Vice Ghostly Sail appeared. The sail turned into black fog which then turned into countless ghosts that rushed out before Wang Lin!

This scene was simply shocking. The cultivators being burnt by Ethereal Fire were either killed by the fire or by Wang Lin’s blood sword. The rest didn’t dare to attack while facing Wang Lin’s monstrous killing intent that would kill anything that got in his way.

As Wang Lin charged forward, he was filled with killing intent and across the 100 kilometer distance. More and more of the 100 cultivators died as the rest retreated and looked at Wang Lin in terror.

It wasn’t that they hadn’t met a powerful cultivator before, but someone as murderous and difficult to kill as Wang Lin was extremely rare. The price of killing Wang Lin would be even greater than opening the large transfer arrays!

This price was likely a sect being wiped out! A heavy cost that would make the nine sects and thirteen factions into eight sects and thirteen factions!!

The moment Wang Lin stepped onto the Meng Earth Continent, the rest of the soul armor on his body returned back to the Heavenly Bull Tattoo on the right side of his face. A sense of weakness washed over his body, but he suppressed it again.

There was still the human-shaped earth element armor on his body. Although half of it had collapsed, it still provided powerful protection.

Standing on the Meng Earth Continent, he staggered as blood flowed out from the corner of his mouth and he rushed away. He understood that as a rogue cultivator, he could cross between two continents. However, large amounts of Devil Dao Sect disciples entering was very different.

The Devil Dao Sect must have considered this; otherwise, they wouldn’t have ordered two Green Devil Messengers to self-destruct and Void Cloud to delay him to make sure he stayed in the Green Devil Continent. If they didn’t care, they could have just slaughtered their way into the Meng Earth Continent to chase after him.

As Wang Lin guessed, the cultivators of the Dao Devil Sect stopped outside the Meng Earth Continent. They hesitated and didn’t continue to chase.

But just at this moment, four of the transfer arrays shined once more. Three of them brought dozens of cultivators, while the fourth transfer array only had one person!

“Sect Master!!”

“Greetings, Sect Master!!” When this man appeared, all the cultivators bowed.
