Chapter 1890

The person who walked out from the fourth transfer array was a middle-aged man. He was wearing a black and white daoist robe. He was tall and gave off an abnormal aura. He was very handsome, but his lips were thin, which gave him a cold aura.

This person was definitely harsh and merciless. He would never use up the power of an entire sect just to kill one person.

The moment he walked out of the formation, the aura of a peak late stage Void Tribulant cultivator spread out. The moment his aura spread out, the world changed colors. It was as if countless devil gods had appeared and started roaring.

He was one step away from peak Void Tribulant!

After he walked out, all the Devil Dao Sect cultivators half knelt to the ground and lowered their heads.

Only this man stood there and looked at Wang Lin, who was escaping deeper into the Meng Earth Continent, with an indifferent gaze/

Wang Lin’s heart trembled. The moment the middle-aged man had walked out of the formation, the hidden sense of crisis he felt suddenly erupted.

This life or death crisis came from the middle-aged man behind him. The Devil Dao Sect’s sect master!!

Wang Lin didn’t look back; he moved as fast as he could. He still couldn’t use Spatial Bending, so he moved into the distance like a shadow.

He could feel that he only needed to fly out a bit more and the force that sealed the world would disappear. Then he could merge with the world.

However, the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master was calm and didn’t hesitate like the other Devil Dao cultivators. He stepped across the border and entered the Meng Earth Continent!

The moment he entered the Meng Earth Continent, he floated in the air and looked at Wang Lin. He slowly raised his right hand and pointed at the sky.

“Devil, Dao!” These were the first two words he said!

The moment his words echoed, the endless mountain range at the border of the two continents began to tremble violently. This trembling quickly spread, creating a thunderous rumble.

As the rumble echoed, the dragon-like mountain range was pulled by an invisible force. At the edge of the left side of the mountain range, the force gathered to form a giant figure.

This figure was that of a whited-haired old man wearing a white robe. He had the air of a celestial. He had a kind smile as he waved his sleeve at the mountain range.

At the same time, at the other end of the mountain range, another giant shadow appeared. This was a devilish shadow covered in devilish energy. It was a cold-looking young man wearing a black robe. He gave off a defying aura filled with bloodthirst and killing intent.

When he appeared, he pointed at the mountain range below.

This scene shocked all the Devil Dao Sect cultivators. They looked at their sect master with feverish gazes.

Under the spells of the celestial-looking old man in the daoist robe and the devilish young man in the black robe, the endless mountain range rumbled. The mountain range that was tens of thousands of kilometers wide was uprooted from the earth!

The world rumbled as the mountain rose into the air. From afar, it looked like a dragon had risen into the sky!

With a point from the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master, there was a deafening howl and the tens of thousands of kilometers mountain range flew toward the Meng Earth Continent. It’s speed could not be imagined, and it flew past Wang Lin in the blink of an eye.

Wang Lin was startled for a moment. He saw the mountain range fly over him and land 2,000 kilometers away, in the desert of the Meng Earth Continent. If this mountain range was the boundary between the two continents, then Wang Lin was still in the Green Devil Continent!

The feeling of life or death increased like crazy until it formed a giant shadow that shrouded Wang Lin’s heart.

“This way, you are still in the Green Devil Continent…” The Devil Dao Sect’s sect master calmly said the second sentence since he came here. At the same time, he stepped forward and appeared less than 1,000 feet away from Wang Lin in a flash.

Wang Lin gritted his teeth and rushed forward. He knew it would be very difficult for him to escape, but it was impossible for him to simply give up!

“Don’t be afraid, I will not kill you. I have great use for you!” The Devil Dao Sect’s sect master’s eyes revealed a strange light. There was a hint of contempt in them, as if he was looking at an ant. He waved his sleeve at Wang Lin.

He was simply too powerful. At this moment, Wang Lin’s soul armor had dissipated and his cultivation level had returned back to late stage Spirit Void. After using so many spells, Wang Lin was like an empty oil lamp. The difference between their cultivation levels was simply too great. With that wave, Wang Lin revealed a decisive gaze and closed his eyes to connect to his avatar in the void.

The moment the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master waved his sleeve, an extra aura appeared around Wang Lin’s body. His eyes turned golden and he waved his hand back.

The world rumbled and Wang Lin’s body trembled violently. He coughed out blood and was knocked back as he rushed toward the mountain range. This person was too strong; even if Wang Lin could borrow power from the avatar, he would still be no match for this person!

The collision just now had caused him to become seriously injured, and he was going to pass out. He bit his tongue to force himself to stay awake.

The Devil Dao Sect’s sect master exclaimed softly. His eyes revealed a strange light as he looked at the escaping Wang Lin and shook his head.

“It indeed… is the destined person… At this point, he could still resist an attack from me… Very well. In this case, let me show you the true power of the Devil Dao Sect’s handprint… Don’t you know it as well?” The middle-aged man raised his right hand and pushed at the sky.

The sky seemed to collapse and fish scale-like ripples appeared. In a flash, the celestial-like old man in the white daoist robe appeared. He stood in the air like he was looking down upon all life, and his gaze fell on the escaping Wang Lin. He rushed down from the sky toward Wang Lin.

As the figure rushed out, he turned into a giant, white palm print. This palm print didn’t have five fingers, but seven!

On the other side of the celestial-like old man was a devilish-looking youth in a black robe. He stepped out with a cold snort and turned into a giant, black, seven-finger palmprint that smashed down on Wang Lin!

From afar, it looked like the world had turned into a painting. The black and white palm prints fell from the sky toward Wang Lin. Soon, the two prints fused 10,000 feet above Wang Lin to form a black and white celestial devil palmprint!

When this palmprint appeared, the world seemed to turn upside down and everything turned into a blur. Wang Lin stopped running and looked up at the giant celestial devil palmprint descending. He silently pondered.

There was no despair or sorrow within him; he was calm with a trace of regret.

Wang Lin understood that he could not avoid this calamity. He regretted that he hadn’t revived Li Muwan and that he hadn’t found his friends on the Immortal Astral Continent.

With a sigh, Wang Lin closed his eyes. When he closed his eyes, he didn’t give up struggling but called the Heaven Defying Bead that was in his soul that he hadn’t used in a long time!!

Heaven Defying Bead!

The palm print instantly closed in on Wang Lin. At this moment, the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master suddenly felt his heart skip a beat and an indescribable sense of shock emerged in his mind. Without hesitation, he waved his right hand.

A sound wave spread out in all directions. The palm print grabbed Wang Lin but didn’t kill him. With the wave from the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master, the palm firmly buried Wang Lin at its center.

After doing all of this, the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master flew into the air and fused with the palm print. He then flew into the depths of the Green Devil Continent. The cultivators of the Devil Dao Sect followed their sect master into the distance.

After everyone left, the mountain range in the distance slowly retreated back to its original position. The Meng Earth Continent didn’t respond, as if they had already reached an agreement.

Rays of light filled the sky. The Devil Dao Sect’s sect master looked calm, but he had doubts in his heart. At that moment, he had a feeling that if he had tried to kill Wang Lin, he would have caused a major disaster.

This kind of feeling was extremely rare for him, so he couldn’t ignore it!

“This person is… the destined person, so he must have some secret methods… He is very cunning. If we had gone with the original plan, we wouldn’t have had to pay such a price…”

While pondering, the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master moved faster and faster toward the center of the Green Devil Continent. The location of the Green Devil Scorpion Temple!

“Suppress this person in the Green Devil Scorpion Temple. Use his body to nourish the Green Devil and use his soul to revive the Green Devil!!”
