Chapter 1891

Several months later, at the center of the Green Devil Continent. This place was a large, green swamp, and large amounts of bubbles formed over the swamp, giving off the smell of decay. This place was covered in a green fog that came from the bubbles and had gathered for countless years.

In this swamp that covered tens of thousands of kilometers, there was a towering building. It was obvious at first glance that this building was a giant scorpion!

The scorpion was hundreds of thousands of feet large. It lied on the swamp and looked very life-like! It released powerful devilish energy, causing most cultivators to be unable to get close. The devilish energy would enter their bodies and cause them to go crazy.

Aside from the sect master, all the cultivators of the Devil Dao Sect returned to the sect. Only the sect master arrived outside the Green Devil Scorpion Temple with Wang Lin.

Only with his cultivation level, he would not be affected by the devilish energy here.

At this moment, the sect master appeared next to the huge scorpion building. After he appeared, a weak cough came from below the giant scorpion.

This cough was weak, but in this silent environment, it was extremely clear.

As the cough slowly approached, three figures slowly walked out from the mouth of the scorpion.

Among the three figures, the two in the back wore green dao robes. They both had the mark of a scorpion on their robes. The two of them looked only middle-aged but gave off the aura of mid stage Void Tribulant cultivators. Their expressions were cold, as if they had no emotions.

The two of them were like guards guarding a figure covered completely in a green robe. This figure looked extremely old, and as the figure walked out, it coughed.

The old figure that was coughing stopped and asked with a hoarse voice, “Did you bring the person back…”

The Devil Dao Sect’s sect master was very polite to the old man hidden in the green robe. He clasped his hands and nodded.

“I have brought him here. Take a look, Ji Si.”

After he spoke, he waved his right hand and a figure covered in black and white appeared. Wang Lin’s eyes were closed as he sat there motionlessly.

“Very good. He should be very good at suppressing the luck of the Green Devil Continent and satisfying Lord Green Devil…” The old man looked up. Although his face couldn’t be seen, his demonic eyes inside the green robe looked at Wang Lin with satisfaction.

The Devil Dao Sect’s sect master slowly said, “In order to capture him, my Devil Dao Sect paid a great price.”

“Once Lord Green Devil has been resurrected, you will have the reward you were promised! But to suppress this person, I’ll need your Grand Devil Dao Law. You know what to do, erase his origin soul, destroy his mind and memory!” The old man’s voice was hoarse and he looked at Wang Lin excitedly.

“This person’s will is extremely strong, it won’t be easy to destroy his mind and memory…” The Devil Dao Sect’s sect master smiled and didn’t immediately start.

“Cough… In the future, the Green Devil Continent will only have one sect, the Devil Dao Sect!” The old man covered in the green robe coughed violently for a long time before he spoke.

“Good. Since Ji Si has given his word, I’ll use my full strength and use the Grand Devil Dao Law to plant the seed of Devil Dao Transformation. Let him destroy his own mind!” The Devil Dao Sect’s sect master laughed and no longer hesitated. His right hand pierced the light and pointed to the spot between Wang Lin’s eyebrows. He grabbed the black and white light that was wrapped around Wang Lin and threw it into the huge scorpion building.

Wang Lin was suddenly throw toward the scorpion, creating a howl as he flew. When he landed, a giant vortex appeared on the back of the scorpion and sucked him in.

“He has many essences in his body. There are a total of eight, and one of them has formed an essence true body! Among the eight, one of them is the same as mine, which is the thunder essence!

“I’ll use this thunder essence as the link to destroy his mind and memory!” The Devil Dao Sect’s sect master sat down. He closed his eyes and remained motionless.

The green-robed old man at the mouth of the scorpion turned and walked inside. The cough slowly faded and the two Green Devil Messenger-like guards didn’t speak at all as they disappeared into the Scorpion.

In the deepest part of the scorpion was a void filled with endless green lights. Each green light was a large number of green scorpion souls. They gathered in this space and constantly howled.

Wang Lin was sitting inside this space and remained motionless. However, countless green scorpions gathered around him and covered most of his body.

His body didn’t move, but there were flash of thunder in his right eye. An essence was moving through his body like crazy. It was his thunder essence!

This thunder essence moved around, causing popping sounds to come from his body. Arcs of thunder would spread out across his body.

At this moment, Wang Lin was in a coma. His mind and soul were silent with no sign of movement. However, what outsiders couldn’t see, not even Ji Si or the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master, was that a bead was slowly rotating in Wang Lin’s soul.

Every time it turned once, Wang Lin’s soul, mind, and memories would tremble a bit while being protected by a layer of soft light.

At this moment, it was as if he was separated from his body. In his strange state, his thunder essence became even more powerful and soon overpowered the rest of his essences. Although it was still a bit inferior to the fire essence that had formed an essence true body, it was getting closer and closer in power.

It was as if an invisible passage had been created between Wang Lin’s body and the sect master’s body. It was slowly fusing with his thunder essence that hadn’t formed an essence true body yet.

Time slowly passed. In a flash, several months went by.

During these months, Wang Lin’s thunder essence had become even stronger and thunderous rumbles were echoing in his body. He continued to absorb the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master’s thunder essence that contained its own will.

In these few months of time, the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master, who was sitting outside, frowned. He didn’t expect Wang Lin’s thunder essence to absorb so much of his thunder essence and still not form its own will.

His original plan was that in just one month of time, his thunder essence would completely replace Wang Lin’s thunder essence. Because his thunder essence contained his will, he could use this method to perfectly erase Wang Lin’s divine sense and memories according to Ji Si’s request.

If not for Ji Si’s request, he would’ve used one of the countless other methods to erase Wang Lin’s mind. However, those methods were too rough and could leave damage. Even the smallest bit of damage could affect the resurrection of the Green Devil Scorpion in the future.

On a day in the fourth month, the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master would not bear it anymore and said, “Ji Si, I need your help. Otherwise, it will be very difficult to do what you requested.”

He felt helpless because even though almost all his thunder essence had entered Wang Lin’s body, it still couldn’t replace Wang Lin’s essence to form its own will.

This was very strange. It was as if there was a vortex in Wang Lin’s body that was absorbing his will. The truth was just as he suspected. Every time the Heaven Defying Bead turned, aside from protecting Wang Lin, it would also absorb a bit of the foreign entities in Wang Lin’s body.

“I’m here… Cough…” An ancient voice and hoarse voice came from the scorpion. Before it could finish speaking, there was a violent coughing fit that lasted for a long time before the voice continued.

“I have two Thunder Emperor Beads I got from the Thunder Emperor Continent. I originally planned to give them to the lord once he awakened… I’ll give you one…” As the voice echoed, there was a bolt of grey lightning. The scorpion shined and a ray of light flew toward the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master.

It instantly closed in and turned into a fist-sized bead. This bead was filled with countless bolts of thunder, and there was the shadow of a chariot inside. There was also the vague figure of a person on the chariot who looked like the emperor of thunder!

With the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master’s cultivation level and knowledge, he felt his heart skip a beat. His eyes revealed a strange light and he struggled for a moment before he gave up on the idea. This was a gift for the Green Scorpion after it revived, so he wouldn’t dare to take it. If not for the need to wipe out Wang Lin’s divine sense and memory, Ji Si would have never taken it out.

The Devil Dao Sect’s sect master no longer hesitated. He opened his mouth and inhaled. The countless threads of thunder flew into his mouth and were devoured by him. Before he could keep any, all of them were sucked into Wang Lin’s body by the Grand Devil Dao Law.

Deep inside the scorpion in the green space, Wang Lin’s body trembled violently. The thunder essence in his body suddenly powered up greatly and show signs of forming a thunder essence true body!
