Chapter 1892

Wang Lin’s thunder essence became even more powerful as he continued to absorb. Due to the Heaven Defying Bead, the Devil Dao Sect's sect master was unable to condense his will and erase Wang Lin’s mind.

However, at this moment, after the Devil Dao Sect's sect master devoured the Thunder Emperor Bead, the endless thunder essence that entered his body was absorbed by Wang Lin’s body like crazy.

Wang Lin’s body trembled violently and his long hair moved without any wind. Countless arcs of thunder moved around his body and gave off endless thunder might.

This thunder might was heaven-shattering - so much so that even this green space trembled. The green light gathered to form a large amount of green scorpions around Wang Lin, and they roared silently.

However, as this incredibly powerful thunder essence entered Wang Lin’s body and was about to condense the Devil Dao Sect's sect master’s will, the Heaven Defying bead slowly turned. It sucked away some of the will. It was like a fountain that was about to overflow with water suddenly stopped. Then a balance was reached and the water began to slowly recede.

“How can this be!?” Outside the scorpion building, the Devil Dao Sect's sect master in the fog suddenly opened his eyes and revealed a look of disbelief. He could not see the Heaven Defying Bead inside Wang Lin’s body. To him, Wang Lin’s body was normal and he had no idea where his lost will had gone.

He wasn’t the only one who noticed that something was wrong. Inside the Scorpion Temple, the old man named Ji Si also frowned. After muttering a bit, he coughed and waved his sleeve.

Another bolt of thunder flew out from the scorpion building and turned into the same Thunder Emperor Bead. It then flew toward the Devil Dao Sect's sect master.

The old and hoarse voice came out and was mixed with coughing. “The last Thunder Emperor Bead. Even the Thunder Emperor Continent has less than three remaining. If you still can’t succeed, then all the promises from before will be void!”

The Devil Dao Sect's sect master was extremely gloomy. He didn’t think it would be this difficult. He stared at the Thunder Emperor Bead and the veins on his face bulged. He then opened his mouth and inhaled. The thunder rushed into his mouth.

The moment he devoured the bead, the Devil Dao Sect's sect master formed a seal and pressed it against his eyebrows. He let out a roar at the sky.

“Thunder essence, scatter!!” With a roar, all the thunder essence in his body was released by him without any hesitation, and all of it rushed into Wang Lin. This thunder contained all of his will, so he had to succeed this time!

The thunder essence also contained a powerful surge of thunder from the second Thunder Emperor Bead. It pushed the Devil Dao Sect's sect master’s will toward Wang Lin rapidly.

As the indescribable thunder essence rushed forward, Wang Lin’s body inside the green space trembled once more. Even more thunder arched around his body and suddenly expanded to more than 1,000 feet in radius. The area 1,000 feet around Wang Lin became a thunder hell!

The thunder moved and shined brightly. Wang Lin’s head rose outside of his control and the thunder mark in his right eye flashed nine times before it flew out.

The thunder mark rushed out and turned into a giant thunder mark 1,000 feet above Wang Lin. The moment it appeared, it began absorbing the surrounding thunder like crazy. As the thunder fused with the mark, a human-shaped outline appeared around the thunder mark!!!

This was the outline of an essence true body. Although it hadn’t formed yet, judging by its current state, it wouldn’t take long before it turned into an essence true body!!

In a flash, all the thunder around here was absorbed and then even more thunder erupted from Wang Lin’s body. Thunder came out of every pore in Wang Lin’s body. It wasn’t just one strand of thunder from each of the 108,000 pores, but at least 10 strands of thunder.

This was a large amount of thunder - enough to shake the world. The thunder occupied every corner of this space and almost replaced the green light, turning this space into a thunder space!

This large amount of thunder rushed into the human outline in the thunder mark. The rumble was so loud that it could be heard clearly outside the Scorpion Temple. The fusion of all this thunder caused part of the Green Devil Continent to tremble.

The human-shaped outline continued to absorb thunder and grew rapidly. Inside the outline, bones made of thunder began to form. Each bone was formed by countless strands of thunder tightly arranged together. In a flash, a full skeleton had appeared.

Shortly after, as large amounts of thunder entered, fine lines appeared, forming the nerves, flesh, and blood. When the last strand of thunder was absorbed, what floated above the unconscious Wang Lin was another Wang Lin!!

Its eyes were closed and it was surrounded by thunder. It was born from thunder, and just by standing there, it would make all thunder in the world yield.

Thunder essence true body!!

The thunder essence true body Wang Lin dreamed of was born in such a way. However, this essence true body didn’t belong to Wang Lin. Instead, it belonged to the Devil Dao Sect's sect master!!

Because this thunder essence true body contained the will of the Devil Dao Sect's sect master!

Outside the scorpion building, the Devil Dao Sect's sect master was struggling. He sensed the existence of the thunder essence true body and was shocked. He had underestimated Wang Lin again. He didn’t think that Wang Lin’s comprehension of this essence would be so deep that after forming the fire essence true body, he would have the potential to give birth to a second essence true body!!

At this moment, the Devil Dao Sect's sect master was in a dilemma. He longed for the thunder essence true body, but if he took it, he couldn’t fulfill Ji Si’s request.

While he struggled, a cough came from the scorpion building. When the Devil Dao Sect's sect master heard this, he revealed a decisive gaze.

“Compared to the benefits promised by the Green Devil Scorpion once it revives, although the thunder essence true body is precious, it isn’t impossible to give up!” The Devil Dao Sect's sect master’s hands quickly formed seals and he pointed to the spot between his eyebrows. He closed his eyes and focused his attention on the thunder essence true body above Wang Lin in the green space inside the scorpion!

The thunder essence true body trembled. With its eyes closed, it raised its right hand and pressed down on Wang Lin below. The moment the hand pressed down, Wang Lin’s body trembled. The last seven strands of thunder essence flew out from the orifices of Wang Lin’s raised head!

They came out of the eyes, ears, nose, and mouth, and the thunder went into the matching orifices on the thunder essence true body one by one. The moment those seven strands went into the thunder essence true body, it opened its eyes!

It revealed a gloomy gaze and was filled with the aura of the Devil Dao Sect's sect master. Its body trembled and the thunder of the world trembled with it. Outside the scorpion, outside the temple, large amounts of shocking thunder appeared over most of the Green Devil Continent.

Thunderous rumbles rang out loudly and rushed toward the Scorpion Temple at the center at an unimaginable speed!

The speed of this thunder was indescribable, and faster than any thunder. It was like Spatial Bending. It all rushed into the green space inside the scorpion at the Scorpion Temple.

In an instant, the thunder essence true body was surrounded by this surge of thunder, forming a suit of armor. It also formed a crown on its head!!

This was the crown of the thunder emperor!!

The moment the crown formed, the endless thunder that was gathering condensed to form a thunder war chariot.

It was at this moment that the thunder essence true body was completely formed!

Wang Lin’s body, which was sitting below, violently trembled. The Heaven Defying Bead was not hidden but was activated, protecting his origin soul. His awakening was due to that tremble in his heart.

The moment Wang Lin awakened, he opened his eyes and saw the thunder essence true body that had formed in the sky!!

When Wang Lin saw the thunder essence true body, he trembled for a moment. He was still in a daze, but he soon understood everything!!

He was startled because of the shocking scene that was revealed when he used the Soul Eye Dao for the first time in the Great Soul Sect!

That scene was exactly the same as what he was seeing now!!

Back then, Wang Lin saw that his own thunder essence true body was going to use thunder to suppress him. He didn’t understand how his essence true body could possibly do this!

After all, the thunder essence body was formed by him and completely belonged to him. What he had seen was impossible, yet it had come true!
