Chapter 1893

The thunder essence true body coldly looked at Wang Lin, and a thunderous rumble echoed inside the space. It suddenly moved and waved its hand at Wang Lin. Endless thunder shot toward Wang Lin and rapidly suppressed him.

Wang Lin sat there and looked up at his essence true body ruthlessly suppressing him. His expression was gloomy, and now that he had awakened, the image of the Devil Dao Sect's sect master appeared in his mind.

In particular the formation of the thunder essence true body and this sudden change must be related to the Devil Dao Sect's sect master. Wang Lin even vaguely felt his aura coming from the essence true body.

“He captured me… not to kill or injure me… but to take over my thunder essence and help me form my thunder essence true body… His purpose… is not to suppress me, but to use the essence true body to cause my mind to become chaotic and wipe away my mind!”

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. In a short period of time, thousands of thoughts appeared in his mind. He had divinated this scene back then, and it shocked him greatly. In order to not be caught off guard, he had already thought of how to deal with it back then!

Almost at the same moment the thunder essence true body came to suppress him, Wang Lin took a deep breath. His origin soul closed its eyes and called for the Heaven Defying Bead.

The Heaven Defying Bead in his soul suddenly began to move. Wang Lin’s origin soul, memories, and everything began to shrink when the thunder arrived.

He retreated temporarily to let the thunder essence true body take over his body. Once the thunder essence true body had fully integrated into his body, his chance to strike back would come.

This was the only method Wang Lin had thought of to resist it when he saw this unbelievable scene.

Thunder rumbled inside this green space and countless bolts of thunder spread out from the essence true body. As it closed in, it disintegrated into countless bolts of thunder and entered Wang Lin’s body. Under the will of the Devil Dao Sect's sect master, it swept through Wang Lin to erase his mind and everything.

Time slowly passed and one month went by in a flash. The thunder around Wang Lin gradually disappeared until none remained. He sat there motionless, without any fluctuation of soul or cultivation. Even his vitality seemed almost extinguished. He was like the living dead.

A powerful divine sense swept through Wang Lin and then slowly left.

At the same time, the Devil Dao Sect's sect master outside the scorpion building opened his tired eyes. He looked at the temple and his words slowly echoed.

After the Devil Dao Sect's sect master spoke, a cough came from the green space. The old man wearing the green robe used some unknown method to appear in the green space. Behind him, the two Green Devil Messengers followed him closely to guard him.

He looked at Wang Lin and revealed a satisfied smile. He then raised his right hand from under his robe and pressed it between Wang Lin’s eyebrows.

His right arm was extremely terrifying and was covered in green hair. It was a shocking sight and didn’t look like a human arm!

The moment his right hand pressed down on Wang Lin, a sliver of fluctuations came from Wang Lin’s mind that was protected by the Heaven Defying Bead. However, under the protection of the Heaven Defying Bead, an outsider couldn’t detect it.

“The Devil Dao Sect's sect master hasn’t left… This is not the time to resist… Let’s wait a bit more!” The fluctuations in Wang Lin’s heart slowly calmed down.

After a long time, the arm rose from Wang Lin’s head, and shortly after, a hoarse voice came from the old man in green.

“You can leave. After Lord Green Devil revives, you will have what was promised to you!”

Outside the scorpion building, the Devil Dao Sect's sect master’s eyes revealed a strange light. He took one final glance at the temple before he disappeared from this place.

Only after the Devil Dao Sect's sect master was gone did the old man in the green robe look at Wang Lin with excitement in his eyes.

“This old man’s family has waited for a long time… Generations of mortals have become Ji Si for countless years until a body that came from outside this world appeared, just like Lord Green Devil!

“Only this kind of body can be possessed by the Lord Green Devil to allow him to revive!! However, the Devil Dao Sect's sect master’s will needs to be erased from the thunder essence true body…” the old man muttered to himself as he looked at Wang Lin excitedly. His voice echoed inside the green space, revealing a hint of strangeness and madness.

Wang Lin’s mind was still hidden under the Heaven Defying Bead’s protection. He had a feeling that the current crisis was not a life or death struggle but a great fortune that made his heart skip a beat!

The old man in the green robe trembled. His family had waited countless years and many generations for this day. He took a deep breath and bit the tip of his finger. A drop of green blood flew out and landed between Wang Lin’s eyebrows.

The moment the drop of green blood landed between Wang Lin’s eyebrows, a green ripple echoed. The ripple spread out and the will the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master deliberately or accidentally disappeared completely.

The essence true body formed by thunder no longer had the will of anyone else. Wang Lin only needed to move his will inside to occupy it. However, for an even greater fortune, he endured this temptation.

After a long time, the green-robed old man’s eyes revealed a spark of wisdom. He didn’t have to say these words before Wang Lin, this was all his test!

The fact that he had obtained the title of Ji Si of the Green Scorpion Temple with the body of a mortal meant that he was very intelligent. He would not casually believe what he saw, and he would question everything.

He first used his words, then he erased the Devil Dao Sect's sect master’s will from the thunder essence true body. He was tempting Wang Lin to see if Wang Lin’s mind was completely erased.

After waiting for a long time, the thunder essence body still hadn’t lured Wang Lin out. Only then did the old man relax a bit and felt assured. He couldn’t detect the Heaven Defying Bead or Wang Lin, but he still murmured to himself.

“This body is very good. The next step is for Lord Green Devil’s possession…” As he spoke, his eyes squinted and he slowly retreated. When he was hundreds of feet away, he suddenly roared with a hoarse voice.

“Green Devil guards, kill him! His mind is still there. Open the Green Devil Formation, we can’t allow him to escape!” After he spoke, he quickly retreated, but his eyes revealed a strange light as he stared at Wang Lin.

As he roared, the Green Devil Messengers beside him revealed ferocious gazes and charged at Wang Lin from the left and right. As they closed in, their hands formed seals and their mid stage Void Tribulant cultivation erupted. Two giant green scorpions appeared. They hissed and roared as they rushed toward Wang Lin.

This didn’t look like a test at all; it seemed like they were really going to kill Wang Lin. At this moment, Wang Lin’s only choice was to spread out his mind into the thunder essence true body, leave his will on it, and activate the Heavenly Bull soul armor to kill the three of them before quickly fleeing this place.

The old man in the green robe’s words were very sudden, and if it was anyone else, they would have done this. However, Wang Lin’s heart moved for a moment and suddenly calm down. He was like an ancient well; his heart wasn’t distubed at all.

He absolutely didn’t believe the other party could detect the Heaven Defying Bead. This was a battle of wits!

All of this happened in a flash. The spells from the Green Devil messengers closed in on Wang Lin and were less than seven inches away, but Wang Lin’s body didn’t move. Six inches, five inches, three inches, one inch!!

A powerful life and death crisis appeared in Wang Lin’s heart. Even with his determination, he was shaken, but he still remained motionless.

With a thunderous bang, the two spells from the two messengers landed on Wang Lin’s body. However, when their attacks landed, a layer of green light rippled and knocked the two of them back.

This green ripple was formed by the fresh blood Ji Si had squeezed out. His blood scattered the Devil Dao Sect's sect master’s will and seemed to have disappeared, but it was actually an ace he had left to test Wang Lin!!

Only at this moment did the green-robed old man relax completely and began to laugh loudly. However, as he laughed, he began to cough violently.

“There is no problem now. This body no longer has a consciousness and mind, but… it is still too weak… It still needs to be cultivated a bit before it can bear the descent of Lord Green Devil…

“Though he has eight essences, he doesn’t have earth… Lord Green Devil’s essence is earth… I need to add it…

“This body has eight essences, and with the earth essence, it will be nine… Nine essences together will make this an essence body. A perfect match for the arrival of Lord Green Devil. Once Lord Green Devil revives and possesses this body, I’ll have completed my family’s mission. I will then be able to return to the Central Continent and bring fortune to the future of my family…

“This matter is too important, so I need to prepare a bit more…”

The old man coughed and slowly left.
