Chapter 1895

He decided to wait. He still had nearly 60 years of life left. He didn’t want to give all the tributes his family had prepared over the generations into someone else’s dowry.

80 years of time was enough for a person’s entire life. For Wang Lin, he spent these 80 years in the Green Scorpion Temple.

During these 80 years, he could not absorb any energy and could not cultivate. He could only wait under the protection of the Heaven Defying Bead. As he silently waited, he seemed to become like an old man. A lot of things and memories seemed to become blurry.

It was as if there was a layer of fog that made it so he couldn’t see clearly, or it might be more accurate to say that his memories were sealed.

He forgot a lot of things, whether it was the Heavenly Bull Continent or the cave world. He even slowly forgot the danger he was in. He was in an indescribable state where he seemed to have merged with the world, but not like Spatial Bending.

However, in his mind, there were still some figures he could not forget and didn’t want to forget… Among those figures were his parents and that girl with the gentle smile playing the zither...

Some people stayed busy their entire life and would forget the purpose of the reincarnation...

Some people lived an ordinary life, and only when they looked up at the stars before their death would they suddenly remember that they had lost their pursuit...

Someone had subverted the entire world perhaps just to find a figure… Even if it was just a reflection, he was going to defy the world...

Time passed by. This time it wasn’t 40 years, but 30 years… After Wang Lin endured with determination for 110 years, the green-robed old man made a choice!

He could no longer wait. He had less than 30 years of lifespan left and there was no need to continue testing Wang Lin. He didn’t believe someone could wait like this for 110 years. This wasn’t cultivation, but walking toward death!!

He saw that Wang Lin’s body had become completely useless. Unless he had made preparations ahead of time, it would have been destroyed by those scorpions.

If the origin soul was there, then once the physical body was destroyed, the origin soul would be swarmed and devoured by the scorpions. He didn’t believe someone could endure waiting for their death!

On this day, on the 110th year, the green-robed old man stood up. His coughing was even more intense as he walked toward the space Wang Lin was in, accompanied by the two Green Devil Messengers.

Shortly after, the coughing voice became faint in the scorpion building.

In the green space, the green-robed old man’s weak figure walked out from the ripples. He looked at Wang Lin’s body that was covered in large amount of scorpions and pondered for a moment.

“I don’t know if you can hear me. If you can hear me, this old man admires your patience… To be able to endure for more than 100 years in such an environment, this old man couldn’t do it...

The battle between the Heavenly Bull Continent and the Green Devil Continent has reached its final stage from what the Green Devil Messengers can feel…” The green-robed old man suddenly paused.

After a long time, his voice echoed through this green space once more.

“If you can hear me, if you have really endured, then I hope that after you receive this great fortune, you won’t make it too hard on the Green Devil Continent… If you can do this, even if your mind still remains, this old man will give you this fortune without hesitation!!”

The green-robed old man muttered, his words containing a sense of fatigue.

“I’m already very old and will die in a few decades. I have been very tired over the years… My family’s mission is to guard this place...

“After I die, I hope you can promise to take all the ashes buried here and bright them back to the Central Continent, because that is the home of my family…” The old man’s words felt like they were his last words before his death; they revealed an unspeakable sense of sincerity.

But!!

In his right hand, hidden inside his robe, was a jade. This jade was green and didn’t need cultivation to use. Only each generation of Ji Si could use it. Its main role, aside from destroying things, was to detect the fluctuations of the minds nearby.

If Wang Lin’s mind showed any sign of movement, then he would not hesitate to kill with the jade; he not be so kind like his words!

This was his last test!

A long time after he finished speaking, the jade in his hand had no reaction at all, and the green-robed old man relaxed. He put away the jade and looked at the large amount of green scorpions. He suddenly bit the tip of his tongue and spat out a mouthful of blood.

The moment the blood appeared, it scattered on the space below. All the scorpions hissed and retreated like crazy. Wang Lin’s withered body that was buried under them was revealed.

“Eight essences, still missing one…” the old man muttered. Then he raised his right hand. His robe was lifted, revealing his right arm covered in green hair. The arm was dried-up and gave off the smell of decay.

At this moment, all the green hair fell off and a yellow light surrounded his right hand. His arm slowly melted and three earth yellow beads flew out.

“With these three Meng Earth Beads, you should be able to form the earth essence!” The old man’s breath was slightly rough as he waved his left hand and the three beads flew toward Wang Lin. One entered the spot between Wang Lin’s eyebrows, one went into his chest, and the last one went into his dantain.

When these three beads entered Wang Lin’s body, his body trembled. A dazzling, earth yellow light came from his body.

When the dazzling light spread out, the surrounding scorpions hissed and retreated. They seemed to be very sensitive to the light. This light flashed for several hours and then a thin layer of earth covered Wang Lin.

After being covered by the earth, Wang Lin became a mudman and remained motionless.

Time passed. The green-robed old man didn’t leave but sat down and looked at Wang Lin with a solemn expression. The dream of his family for countless years was about to be achieved, so this was very important to him.

Three days later, the thin layer of earth on Wang Lin’s body didn’t change at all. This caused a hint of surprise to appear in the old man’s eyes.

“Three Meng Earth Beads are not enough… Only enough for the earth essence in his body to reach small completion…” The old man frowned and pressed his left hand between his own eyebrows. He used some special method to pull out three grains of sand!

The three grains of sand were dark red, as if they were stained with blood.

Looking at the three grains of sand in his hand, the old man let out a sigh. His family had spent a great deal of effort and countless years and resources to gather these three grains of sand. It was rumored that these three grains of sand were part of the nine grains of sand filled with earth essence when the Celestial Ancestor created the continents!

Aside from these three grains, five others were absorbed by people for the earth essence and the last one was turned into the continent where the Imperial City was built!

This item was extremely valuable, and very few people had even seen it first hand. The old man didn’t hesitate to throw a grain of sand toward Wang Lin.

When the gain of sand entered Wang Lin’s body, a thunderous rumble erupted. The thin layer of earth around his body rapidly grew until Wang Lin was shrouded by a 90 foot ball of earth.

The ball of earth released extremely powerful earth essence and lasted for nine days before it shrank until it disappeared. Then it spread out from Wang Lin’s body once more and did so eight times before it lost its effect.

However, when it lost its effect, the green-robed old man threw the second grain of sand. There was another thunderous rumble from Wang Lin’s body and then the earth essence began to cycle once more.

This time, it cycled nine times. After the ninth cycle was completed, a large amount of earth essence surged out from Wang Lin’s body. The ninth essence was added to his body!!

But it was not over yet. After the ninth essence formed, the earth essence power wasn’t all used up. It rapidly rushed toward forming an essence true body for the ninth essence.

The green-robed old man excitedly stood up and waved his left hand, sending the third grain of sand toward Wang Lin. When the earth essence surged, Wang Lin’s withering body immediately recovered. All the injuries were reversed.

His earth essence immediately expanded and absorbed all the earth essence from the third grain of sand. Signs of a third essence true body appeared.

However, without Wang Lin’s will, this true body could not form completely. If Wang Lin’s origin soul came out of the protection of the Heaven Defying Bead, he could take over the earth and thunder essence true bodies. He would become a cultivator with three essence true bodies!

With three essence true bodies, even if he was still at the peak of the Spirit Void stage, his strength would increase several fold!

On top of that, Wang Lin had nine essences now. The moment his origin soul appeared, he could use these nine essences to break into the Arcane Void stage!!!

“This person’s body also has three ethereal and two special essences. The remaining four are all corporeal… I don’t have any method of forming essence true bodies for the ethereal and special essences, but I do have a method for the fourth corporeal essence!” The green-robed old man was excited.
