Chapter 1896

“All the things my family has prepared can finally be used!” The old man’s eyes lit up and his left hand immediately hit various parts of his body.

Every time he hit his body, a mysterious item would fly out from his body and float there, emitting a dazzling glow. His body was like a storage bag that had stored the large amount of items his family had prepared over the countless years.

These items had all been prepared to aid the revival the Green Devil Scorpion. They were sealed into the Ji Si of each generation with a special method. Unless they took them out willingly, no one else can take these items. Perhaps only a Grand Empyrean could do it.

“This person’s body is clearly from the Ancient Dao, but although the Ancient Dao body is strong, it lacks resilience. I’ll use this 90,000-year-old celestial tree branch to make this body extremely difficult to destroy!” The green-robed old man’s left hand reached out and grabbed a black tree branch that gave off an ancient aura.

This branch was extremely rare on the Immortal Astral Continent. His family had paid a great price to trade for it. He didn’t hesitate to throw the branch filled with the power of the world toward Wang Lin’s body.

When it closed in, the branch exploded into black powder and surrounded Wang Lin’s body. This powder spread out as if it had life and formed fine wires that entered Wang Lin’s pores. They connected to each other inside his body and formed a dense net inside Wang Lin.

Next, the powder connected to Wang Lin’s flesh and blood. It was buried deep within, and popping sounds echoed throughout his body. His body gave off a strange feeling of toughness and was now beyond an Ancient Dao body. Not only was it extremely strong, it was also resilient, making it very difficult to destroy.

“This person’s eyes aren’t sharp enough to suppress others. Even though this body is strong, it lacks the aura to suppress the world. I’ll take the fragments of the celestial sword that Lord Green Devil broke while battling the Celestial Ancestor to create this aura of majesty for this body!!

“From now on, one gaze from this person will be able to suppress cultivators!!” The old man’s eyes were filled with madness. He waved his left hand and a palm-sized piece of metal flew toward Wang Lin.

This piece of metal was made of some unknown material. It was a metal that was like wood and a wood that was like metal. There were many lines forming dark-colored characters. The moment it appeared, it caused this green space to be filled with endless sword energy.

This sword energy howled and swept through the entire green space. This caused all the green light to collapse, and the scorpions all hissed loudly as if they were extremely afraid of this metal fragment.

The piece of metal instantly closed in and entered Wang Lin’s body. It melted and turned into a golden aura that spread to every part of his body.

At this instant, a powerful pressure erupted from Wang Lin’s body. It was so powerful, it felt solid. The old man’s body trembled. At this moment, Wang Lin’s origin soul was not controlling his body, or else the pressure would be even more shocking with his current cultivation level!

The two Green Devil Messengers’ expressions changed. They looked at Wang Lin’s body with extremely serious expressions.

“Although this person’s body is that of the Ancient clan, Lord Green Devil’s body is stronger than the Ancient clan, and his cultivation is more powerful than the Celestial clan. This person’s body is still not strong enough...

“Although I can’t make his ancient and celestial powers fuse, the more pure his bloodline, the more his celestial power will be rejected. In order to avoid the rejection, I must create a separate vein so that when Lord Green Devil descends, he can reach peak cultivation!” the green-robed man muttered. The madness in his eyes became even stronger. He waved his sleeve and four leaves, six pills that gave off the smell of blood, a red blood line, and three grey stones flew toward Wang Lin.

Each one of them was extremely precious. If they were taken out in public, they would cause countless cultivators to fight for them. The green-robed old man didn’t hesitate at all to use them on Wang Lin. The items collapsed into countless pieces and entered Wang Lin’s body. Among them, the blood line was the most valuable. Rumor had it that it was a strand of hair from the Celestial Ancestor!

It looked ordinary, but there were few items in the world sharp enough to cut it. After it entered Wang Lin’s body, it cycled through him nine times. The head and the tail met to form a second vein in Wang Lin’s body!

If Wang Lin’s origin soul came out of the Heaven Defying Bead, he could utilize both ancient power and celestial power at once. This was something no one had ever been to manage before!

Even with Wang Lin’s determination, he was shocked by the green-robed old man’s determination. However, this was not the end; the green-robed old man could not have only prepared these few things.

“Once Lord Green Devil has been resurrected, he will need a sharp treasure that can cut open the world. It would not be good for it to be external, it should be an internal treasure, and only then would Lord Green Devil be impressed.

“Over the countless years, my clan has searched the world to gather more than 90,000 different kinds of yin materials. We also paid any price to obtain a sliver of soul from 20 of the Eastern Continent’s suppressed souls to refine them together to form this yin blade!

“This blade has not gone through an Immortal Astral Calamity. Once it has passed the calamity, it will be a treasure to make a Grand Empyrean’s eyes red!” The green-robed old man’s eyes revealed a bright light and he waved his left hand. A cold mist surrounded him and flew toward Wang Lin. An invisible blade seemed to be hiding inside the fog!!

The blade looked like a curved spine, making for s a shocking sight!

“This treasure cannot be accommodated by any storage space. It can only be used within the body. This person’s body is destined to be taken over by Lord Green Devil, so I’ll plant this yin blade in his right arm!!

“This blade will become famous across the Immortal Astral Continent someday!”

The green-robed old man looked crazy as the fog quickly gathered inside Wang Lin. It rushed into his right hand, and his right hand immediately turned black. It was as if he had been frozen by nevermelting ice!

With a crackling sound, a nine-inch-long blade grew out from the palm of his hand!
