Chapter 1897

The moment the blade appeared, a storm appeared inside the green space, cracking sounds echoed, and ice filled this space. The green-robed old man’s robe was made of some unknown material. As soon as the cold air closed in on him, it was blocked.

But the two Green Devil Messengers behind him didn’t have such a mysterious treasure. When the cold energy closed in on them, their expressions changed greatly and they retreated. Their bodies were immediately covered in ice and even their eyebrows became ice.

Their faces were deathly pale and they let out roars as they retreated. They activated their full cultivation to barely resist the cold.

This was because the Yin Blade had no owner. If Wang Lin’s origin soul had left his mark on it and he borrowed the surge in cultivation from this soul armor, the Yin Blade would be powerful enough to startle the world and make gods and ghosts cry!

It could even summon the souls from the 29 continents to form a shocking suppression, which was why it was extremely difficult for the two Green Devil Messengers to resist the cold!

This blade could even battle against late stage Void Tribulant cultivators and not lose out!

“Only someone like Lord Green Devil is worthy of this Yin Blade!” The green-robed old man’s hidden face was strangely red. His eyes were filled with excitement as he watched the blade in Wang Lin’s hand return into the flesh. After it disappeared without a trace, he couldn’t help but laugh.

As he laughed, he began to cough violently and even coughed out blood. He was far too old and was almost out of time.

“This body now has a ninth essence, is more resilient, the eyes have gained suppression, it has a vein formed by the hair of the Celestial Ancestor, and its right hand contains the Yin Blade! This body is almost perfect!

“But he only has three essence true bodies and is still missing a water essence true body. I’ll use my family’s countless years of preparation to form the fourth essence true body for this body!!”

The green-robed old man waved his left hand. The items around him shined brightly.

“Celestial Sea Mother Soul!” the old man said as he waved his hand. A ball of ghostly light appeared. There was extremely pure water essence aura coming from the ball of ghostly light. It was impossible to see what was inside, but the aura was powerful enough to cause layers of water ripples to appear inside this green space.

This item was something the old man’s family had stolen by launching a war without hesitation. This was stolen to help the Green Devil Scorpion heal.

But at this moment, the old man took it out without hesitation in order to make Wang Lin’s body perfect.

“Mortal Dream Water!” The green-robed old man waved his left hand and the second item flew out. It was a black porcelain bottle, and there was only one drop of water inside.

This item was very precious. The old man had planted this drop inside the dreams of countless mortals. After countless years, he harvested it from the dream of mortal. This dream water was an illusion, but it contained the extreme power of the water essence!

“Dao Heart Melting Liquid!

“Water Celestial Blood!”

“Heaven and Earth Water Origin!”

The green-robed old man waved his hand and the items around him flew out. When they closed in on Wang Lin, they exploded and entered Wang Lin’s body where the blood was still solidified. They all released dense water essence aura and caused Wang Lin’s water essence to power up like crazy.

This increase in power was something Wang Lin had only seen inside the Dong Lin Pool in the illusion in the cave world. He had an indescribable feeling as he watched his water essence true body move toward completion!

The items that made his water essence power up were extremely rare. If Wang Lin wanted to obtain them, he would need at least 1,000 years. Some of these items were so rare, Wang Lin wouldn’t even know where to find any clues on how to obtain them.

However, at this moment, during this great fortune, they suddenly appeared and entered his body.

His water essence true body suddenly formed an outline and began to form. However, it was still a bit away from forming an essence true body. However, since the old man was confident in forming Wang Lin’s fourth essence true body, then he had to have a certain degree of confidence.

He suddenly bit the tip of his tongue and coughed out a large mouthful of blood. After that, his body hidden inside the green robe trembled. This blood contained the power hidden in his family.

In addition, this mouthful of blood contained eight years of his lifespan. The blood mist covered Wang Lin’s body.

However, the old man didn’t stop, he clenched his teeth and coughed out blood once more. He used up another eight years of his life!

These two mouthfuls of blood contained the inheritance and trace of life force from the old man’s clan. At this moment, Wang Lin’s body trembled and his water essence gathered like crazy. His blood also began to circulate rapidly.

In a flash, several months passed. Several months later, water essence aura erupted from Wang Lin’s body and condensed within his body to from the fourth essence true body!

This was the water essence true body!!

At this moment, the essence true body seemed to be asleep and didn’t contain any will. However, as long as Wang Lin wanted to, he could take control of it!!

But he was still waiting!

Wang Lin had already won part of this battle of time. If he wanted to continue to win, he would have to keep waiting. He couldn’t be tempted by anything and would have to fight until the end!

The countless items the green-robed old man’s family had gathered had mostly been used on Wang Lin. Only four or five items remained, and they each gave off a gentle glow.

But the old man’s fierce face was filled with excitement. He seemed to have forgotten that he had less than 15 years left to live, forgotten the price he had paid, and forgotten how tired he was. The only thing in his mind was to see the arrival of Lord Green Devil and see the Green Devil Scorpion resurrect!

“This body is already perfect, Lord Green Devil will love it. Now we must temper this body as the final preparation. Transform it to a scorpion body that would be perfect for Lord Green Devil!” The green-robed old man waved his sleeve and all the remaining materials few toward Wang Lin. They shattered into fragments and surrounded Wang Lin.

The green space began to tremble and the countless scorpions collapsed. They turned into green light and flew toward Wang Lin. The green space began to shrink around Wang Lin as well until it formed a giant, green furnace!!

The furnace was 10,000 feet tall; it was like a heavenly furnace. It was completely green and covered in the aura of the green scorpions. It also contained the few remaining rare items the old man had, and it was going to transform Wang Lin’s body!!

“Green Devil Messengers, turn your cultivation into fire to fuel the furnace!” The green-robed old man coughed and his hoarse voice was filled with excitement.

The two Green Devil Messengers didn’t hesitate to step forward and sit down next to the green furnace. This hands formed seals and their origin souls flew out. They spat out large amounts of origin essence to turn into fire to fuel the furnace!

The moment the furnace surrounded Wang Lin, his body trembled and released popping sounds. At the same time, strands of green gas came from the furnace and entered his body. Every strand contained extremely powerful energy of the world!

This was not the aura of the Ancient clan or the Celestial clan, but a power that belonged to the world. This power belonged to the Green Devil Scorpion, but it also belonged to Wang Lin!

These strands of endless power of the world entered Wang Lin’s body like crazy and gathered inside him. Wang Lin’s body was like a bottomless pit that continued to absorb this power.

His origin soul stared at the power of the world under the protection of the Heaven Defying Bead. More and more excitement filled his eyes, but he endured and didn’t absorb it.

At this moment, he only needed but one thought to assume control over his body and absorb this power of the world to cause his cultivation to surge. However, he was waiting, waiting for more of this power to gather inside his body.

He had waited for more than 100 years for this fortune. If his origin soul appeared early and was noticed by the outside, his fortune would decrease greatly.

As time passed, more and more power of the world entered his body. In the end, it occupied and overlapped in almost every part of Wang Lin’s body, but Wang Lin still waited.

One year, two years, three years...

In the blink of an eye, 10 years passed!!

During these ten years of time, the green-robed old man had only sat outside the green furnace, and his eyes were red as he stared at it. He had spent his life on this, and he didn’t have much time left. His body was weak, but he wanted to hold on and see the moment the Green Devil Scorpion resurrected!

Even though there were three rays of light flying through this fog that no one had been to in 100 years, the green-robed old man didn’t care anymore.

The three rays of light were very careful as they slowly closed in. Wang Lin was familiar with these people. It was the other three that possessed the Heavenly Bull soul armor!

The Gui Yi Sect’s sect master’s plan had been delayed for more than 100 years for some reason and had just relaunched!
