Chapter 1898

Outside the green furnace, the two Green Devil Messengers had been spewing out their origin essence for 10 years. Their origin souls were very weak now, and they could not bear it much longer.

Several days later, one of the Green Devil Messengers’ origin souls spat out the last of his origin essence. His origin soul dissipated and his body fell down. He was dead.

Less than half an incense stick of time after he died, the other messenger’s origin soul also dissipated.

The deaths of the two Green Devil Messengers who had accompanied the old man for a long time didn’t cause the old man’s expression to change. This old man gave off the aura of death and he was in a semi-dead state. If not for his powerful will supporting him, he would have already died.

His eyes were red and the excitement that had lasted for 10 years wasn’t anywhere near dying down now. His excitement grew until it erupted at this moment.

His weak body knelt down from sitting and he looked up. His face was filled with excitement as he spoke loudly with his hoarse voice.

“With my identity as the Green Devil Scorpion’s Ji Si, I invite Lord Green Devil to awaken and descend… This old slave has prepared this body for Lord Green Devil to possess!!” The old man began to chat an old mantra of an unknown language. Soon, his voice filled the area.

The scorpion building slowly began to tremble. As dust flew into the air, a powerful soul aura seemed to awaken and slowly spread out.

The green-robed old man looked up in excitement. As the scorpion building continued to tremble, nine strands of green gas gathered from nine different directions. The green gas gathered above the furnace and formed a giant shadow!

This shadow was tens of thousands of feet large. It was a green scorpion!!

This scorpion was covered in scars and its aura was weak. However, it exuded an indescribable pressure, and under this pressure, the entire Green Devil Continent seemed to tremble!

This shadow was part of the main soul that was being suppressed. His main soul couldn’t leave, it could only produce this wisp of soul. However, once this wisp of soul gained a body, it could think of a method to absorb his suppressed main soul and truly be resurrected!

The giant scorpion soul slowly opened its eyes that had been closed for countless years. Its eyes were cold and ruthless and gave off an aura as if it was above all. It looked down.

“Was it you who called this lord…” An extremely cold voice echoed across the world. Its voice was like law and immediately shook the world.

However, even so, the scorpion wasn’t able to hide how weak it was. It was so weak, it could collapse from a gentle breeze!

The green-robed old man’s body trembled and bowed toward the soul.

“This old slave greets Lord Green Devil! Lord Green Devil, this old slave has prepared the perfect body for Lord to possess. There is no divine sense or origin soul left, so it won’t affect Lord’s possession!” The green-robed old man was very excited and his voice was no longer hoarse.

He knew that the Green Devil Scorpion was extremely weak after being suppressed, and that it was only here as a wisp of soul. This was why he had tested so many times, because if there was an origin soul inside the body, it would cause problems for the possession!

This problem could cause everything to be for nothing, and the weak Green Devil Scorpion would end up getting seriously injured!

After the green-robed old man spoke, the Green Devil Scorpion’s giant body turned slightly. It looked at the green furnace and its gaze seems to become solid when it saw Wang Lin inside the furnace.

Its gaze swept past Wang Lin’s body nine times, but not even it could detect the Heaven Defying Bead, much less Wang Lin’s soul that was hiding inside.

After a long time, the scorpion soul withdrew its gaze.

The green-robed old man knelt there and excitedly said, “Lord Green Devil, this old slave has completed the transformation according to Lord’s requirements. There is not a trace of origin soul remaining!”

“You… Are very good… After this Lord revives, you will be rewarded…” The giant scorpion soul sent out ripples and then suddenly moved. In a flash, it penetrated the green furnace and closed in on Wang Lin.

Wang Lin’s origin soul hiding in the Heaven Defying Bead still didn’t move!

After 10 years, he was still waiting. He was not only waiting for the fortune to enhance his body, he had an even bolder idea. The green-robed old man had been very cautious and had tested him again and again. This showed that if an origin soul remained inside the body, it would cause the possession to fail. It could make it so the Green Devil Scorpion couldn’t revive!

Since that was the case, he was going to gamble until the end. He was waiting for the arrival of the Green Devil Scorpion. Since it wanted to devour him, he was going to devour it!

The scorpion soul looked powerful, but in truth, it had already been seriously injured and was still being suppressed. Also, only a wisp of its main soul was present here. The scorpion soul didn’t immediately enter Wang Lin but spread out its divine sense many times. Only after doing so did it relax a bit and charge into Wang Lin’s body!

In a flash, the green scorpion slowly entered Wang Lin’s body. It didn’t choose to immediately possess the body but carefully absorbed after entering Wang Lin’s body.

Time slowly passed. In a flash, three days went by. Only after observing for three days did it slowly enter Wang lin’s body a bit more. Looking at how careful it was, it seemed like anything would make it flee immediately.

It couldn’t see Wang Lin’s origin soul, but Wang Lin could see it. Wang Lin watched the scorpion soul slowly enter his body and spread out, but it didn’t begin the possession. The scorpion’s caution had reached a limit.

This showed how weak it was.

Wang Lin’s origin soul didn’t move. He was still waiting. If he attacked now, the scorpion soul would leave quickly because it hadn’t started the possession. Once it began the possession, it wouldn’t be easy to leave, and that would be the best chance for Wang Lin.

Wang Lin’s origin soul revealed a cold gaze. He didn’t know what his cultivation level would be after he devoured the scorpion soul, but he had a feeling that this would be a great fortune for him!!

He had enough patience to use his body as bait to gain this fortune!

Outside the green furnace, the green-robed old man waited excitedly. He was waiting for the green scorpion to complete the possession. If he could see the complete possession, he would smile into the underworld.

The green scorpion soul seemed to lose its patience after seven days. A large portion of its body entered Wang Lin and occupied more than 70% of Wang Lin’s body.

It seemed to have relaxed, and it began the possession. Its soul inside Wang Lin spread out like crazy and moved toward Wang Lin’s mind. When it entered Wang Lin’s mind, it found no trace of an origin soul. It immediately became excited.

It had waited for so many years for this perfect chance. It could finally begin the possession! It has to be said that even if an Immortal Astral Continent cultivator’s body had no origin soul, the scorpion couldn’t possess it because they were born here. It could only possess the body of a cultivator that was not born here, like itself.

At this moment, it stopped holding back and a large portion of its soul entered Wang Lin. The figure of a scorpion slowly formed in Wang Lin’s mind. Once it formed completely, it would finish its possession.

However, just as this shadow was half-formed, Wang Lin’s origin soul suddenly erupted from the Heaven Defying Bead.

The moment he appeared, he charged toward his head, where the scorpion shadow was forming. The moment he closed in, he began to devour it.

There was no spell or power, just naked devouring power. The scorpion soul screamed. It didn’t think there was still an origin soul inside this body. It was caught off guard by Wang Lin’s sudden appearance.

Although it was very weak, it became fierce when Wang Lin began to devour it. It began resisting Wang Lin’s origin soul, and a fierce battle of devouring began inside Wang Lin’s body.

But the scorpion wasn’t prepared at all, while Wang Lin had prepared for more than 100 years. Wang Lin became crazy and desperately devoured.

Time passed instantly. After one incense stick of time, the battle of devouring between Wang Lin and the scorpion soul reached a dangerous point. The scorpion soul continued to scream. It was weak, and it had only come with only part of its soul. Against Wang Lin, who had prepared for over 100 years, it was gradually losing.

People outside could not feel the dangerous battle inside Wang Lin’s body. The green-robed old man excitedly looked at the furnace and the scorpion soul that had mostly entered the furnace. The scorpion soul trembled and the old man was startled.

“This is…” He couldn’t imagine why Lord Green Devil would tremble during possession as if something was wrong. However, the old man soon felt relief.

“It must be because the Lord is not satisfied with the body and is remodeling it during possession.” The more the old man thought about it, the more it made sense, and the more he smiled. For Lord Green Devil to personally transform it showed the value of this body.

He smiled even wider as he looked at the trembling scorpion soul on the furnace.

Inside Wang Lin’s body, Wang Lin and the scorpion soul had devoured each other no less than 10,000 times. He became more and more crazy. He had waited and prepared for more than 100 years. How could he let go of the scorpion soul that was going to devour him?

Wang Lin’s madness caused the scorpion soul to feel extreme fear. It was already weak, and after the endless devouring, it showed signs of retreating. It had taken countless years to condense this wisp of soul. Once this wisp dissipated, it would have no chance of awakening.

Right now, it already hated the Ji Si’s family to the bones. From its view, all of this was because of that Ji Si!!

When it decided to retreat, the scorpion soul roared silently and quickly retreated. However, Wang Lin gave chase and continued to devour like crazy. It caused the scorpion soul to become even more frightened.

It quickly retreated and finally left Wang Lin’s head. Just as it was about to leave Wang Lin’s body, Wang Lin devoured a big mouthful, causing it to let out a cry. It quickly flew out of Wang Lin’s body, but its huge body had shrunk by half. When it was outside, it escaped into the sky in panic.

The green-robed old man saw this. He was startled and his eyes revealed confusion.

After the scorpion soul left, Wang Lin’s origin soul immediately shrouded his entire body. Sitting inside the green furnace, his eyes opened for the first time in more than 100 years!

The moment he opened his eyes, the world rumbled. The green furnace around him collapsed into countless fragments and shattered as Wang Lin jumped into the air.

“Fire essence true body!” Wang Lin roared. A sea of fire appeared in his left eye and a fire essence true body that looked exactly like him appeared behind him!!

“Thunder essence true body!” Wang Lin roared, and thunder flashed in his left eye. The thunder essence true body formed by the Devil Dao Sect’s sect master was integrated with Wang Lin’s will and appeared behind him.

“Earth essence true body!” Wang Lin let out a roar at the sky. Yellow light came out of his 108,000 pores and formed his third essence true body behind him!!

“Water essence true body!” The water essence true body had fused with Wang Lin’s blood. At this moment, Wang Lin’s blood vessels swelled and a shadow appeared behind him. It quickly formed into Wang Lin’s fourth essence true body!!

After the four essence true bodies appeared, Wang Lin’s aura was startling. His cultivation level was still the same, but he only needed to calm himself and his cultivation level would increase greatly with one thought.

However, right now was not the time to calm down. After the four essence true bodies appeared, Wang Lin’s eyes released a burst of golden light. This golden light contained a suppression force, and he looked at the escaping scorpion soul!

The scorpion soul let out a scream. It felt the aura of the celestial sword from the Celestial Ancestor! Its soul trembled after being stared at by this gaze.

Time was of the essence. Wang Lin didn’t hesitate to raise his right hand. There was a sharp pain as the nine-inch Yin Blade grew out from his right palm. A blade grew out of the right palms of each of the essence true bodies, and they all sliced at the scorpion soul!!

As the green-robed old man watched all of this unfold, he coughed out a mouthful of blood. His eyes widened and he died of anger!! He had angered himself to death!!
