Chapter 1899

“I hate!!!” These were the last words the green-robed old man roared before he died. With his wisdom, he naturally understood what had happened. He had watched Wang Lin use the suppression eye and Yin Blade he had given him on the green scorpion.

This scene was enough to anger him into a heart attack. He already didn’t have much lifespan left as he coughed out blood and died!

He had given Wang Lin a resilient body, eyes to suppress the world, a vein formed from the hair of the Celestial Ancestor, the Yin Blade, and the earth essence. On top of all that, he had even helped Wang Lin form two essence true bodies!

All of these things were given by him...

His eyes widened from anger and his eyes were filled with monstrous hate. Even though he was dead, the hatred remained, as if the hatred itself was going to turn into a ghost.

Wang Lin had no time to pay attention to the dead green-robed old man. He leaped forward and raised the blade his right hand had turned into. His four essence true bodies did the same. He mercilessly sliced down on the escaping Green Devil Scorpion soul!

The Green Devil Scorpion soul also contained endless hatred. It hated the green-robed old man for making it end up in its current state. However, the green-robed old man was dead, so it had no place to vent its anger. It also could not vent its anger in this moment of danger; it could only escape.

From afar, this was a shocking scene. The green furnace was still collapsing and the fragments scattered. The green scorpion soul screamed as it fled. Behind it, Wang Lin’s white hair fluttered as he gave chase with a powerful aura. He raised the blade in his hand with the momentum to destroy the heaven, and earth and sliced down with his four essence true bodies!

It was at this moment that ripples echoed and three rays of light closed in. However, when they revealed their bodies, the three of them trembled. They watched what was happening with disbelief!

The three that arrived were the other owners of the Heavenly Bull soul armor beside Wang Lin. Yun Yifeng, Tang Jia, and the old man Edge Cloud!

The three of them had come to the Green Scorpion Temple for some unknown reason after 100 years. The journey to the temple was extremely difficult, but after arriving at the temple, it was a smooth path. They had encountered nothing and arrived in the deepest part of the temple.

However, what awaited them was this soul-shaking blade!

“Wang Lin!! He is actually here!!” Yun Yifeng and Tang Jia were both startled.

“Didn’t he die!?” Edge Cloud’s pupils shrank and he was filled with shock.

The blade sliced down and flashed as the scorpion soul’s scream reached a limit. It trembled and wanted to resist, but it didn’t only have to face Wang Lin’s blade - the blades of his four essence true bodies were coming as well!

When the first blade closed in, the scorpion soul distorted and tried to dodge. The second and third blades arrived, but the scorpion soul could not dodge them all. It suddenly turned around and sprayed out a large amount of green fog as the fourth and fifth blade sliced down.

Thunderous rumbles echoed across the world. The scorpion soul let out a miserable scream as it was cut into six parts by the five blades.

Four of the parts were absorbed by Wang Lin. They turned into strands of smoke around Wang Lin, making him look like a celestial.

The remaining two parts quickly escaped into the distance as they screamed. They disappeared into the scorpion building, and where they had gone was unknown.

The surroundings gradually calmed down. Only Yun Yifeng and company’s breathing was extremely clear in the silent scorpion temple.

Wang Lin floated there and the fog around him soon condensed into seven strands of soul force that entered his body. His right hand was still a blade and his four essence true bodies coldly stood there. His gaze swept by Yun Yifeng and company.

“Leave!” He didn’t speak much and only said this one line. However, when he spoke, a shocking aura erupted from his body. When his gaze landed on them, Yun Yifeng felt his heart tremble. It was as if Wang Lin could clearly see through all his secrets, and he even had the illusion that he was being suppressed.

Fortunately, this feeling disappeared the moment it appeared. Otherwise, he might not even be able to speak from trembling.

The same feeling also filled Tang Jia’s mind. Her face was pale as she stared at Wang Lin. She couldn’t believe that Wang Lin’s gaze was so terrifying after just 100 years!

That gaze gave off a sharpness that could tear apart the world itself. It contained a suppression force that could cause anyone who was swept by it to collapse!

Compared to the two of them, Edge Cloud’s feeling was even more intense. He had fought with Wang Lin before, and Wang Lin didn’t go easy on him. When Edge Cloud was swept by the gaze, he felt his heart rumble and he took three steps back. His face became pale and his forehead was covered in sweat. Thunderous rumbles echoed in his ears and he felt like he was abandoned by the world. He was all alone and was being suppressed by the heavens.

He even felt that the heavens that were suppressing him was Wang Lin’s gaze. It felt like there was a sword in Wang Lin’s gaze that hadn’t fully appeared. Once it fully appeared, he would be torn apart by that sword!!

This feeling was so powerful that he almost went crazy. Just as he was about to collapse, Wang Lin’s words echoed like the law of the world. Edge Cloud retreated like crazy, and only after he was thousands of kilometers away did he feel at ease. His whole body was soaked in sweat, leaving him with a chilly feeling.

Yun Yifeng and Tang Jia also retreated. The two of them were not suppressed by Wang Lin, so their retreat was not as embrassasing as Edge Cloud’s. However, Yun Yifeng was extremely bitter. He had never expected to meet Wang Lin here after 100 years and see such a scene.

The three of them silently pondered and slowly retreated. They didn’t leave the scorpion temple, but they stopped far away from Wang Lin. They still had a mission to complete, and the scorpion temple was not completely destroyed.

However, Wang Lin’s presence made it so they didn’t dare to act recklessly. Tang Jia looked into the distance and there was still disbelief in her eyes. She was silent and her mind was very chaotic.

Wang Lin stood in the air and looked at the dead green-robed old man. Wang Lin was very calm. This person had helped him greatly, except all his intentions were to kill Wang Lin!

Not much how many fortunes this person had given him, Wang Lin wouldn’t feel any gratitude. Just as he was about to withdraw his gaze, Wang Lin exclaimed softly and looked again.

He saw strand of black gas come out of the old man’s body and condense in his head, forming a palm-sized cloud of fog. This fog was filled with hatred and was extremely cold. It caused the surrounding area to immediately become cold.

“This is…” Wang Lin's mind moved and his divine sense spread toward the black fog. The moment his divine sense touched the fog, a hoarse voice roared in his mind.

“I hate!!!!”

“I hate!!!!”

This voice was so fierce, even Wang Lin’s heart skipped a beat, and his eyes shined brightly.

“Ghost soul!! This person formed such a powerful ghost soul after he died!!” This ghost soul was several times more powerful than the Void Tribulant cultivator from the Extreme Sky Prairie!! It was peak upper quality, infinitely close to perfect quality!!

Wang Lin’s eyes shined and he waved his sleeve without hesitation. The ghost soul formed by the green-robed old man few toward Wang Lin and was put away!

With this ghost soul and the ghost soul from the Extreme Sky Prairie, Wang Lin was confident in refining an almost perfect-grade Ghostly Sail!

With this Ghostly Sail and the Vice Ghost Sail Wang Lin had, he could display almost perfect-grade level illusion spells!

The green-robed old man had not only given Wang Lin many fortunes, he had even given himself to Wang Lin in the end...

After putting away the Ghostly Sail, Wang Lin had a strange expression. He looked at the green-robed old man with a complicated expression, and after a long time, he let out a sigh.

He waved his sleeve and the old man’s body disappeared into ashes, leaving behind only the green robe.

Grabbing the green robe, Wang Lin’s divine sense scanned it. This item was very strange. His divine sense could not penetrate it or see what was inside. After pondering a bit, Wang Lin put the only thing the old man had left, the green robe, away.

With this, it could be said that the green-robed old man had completely given everything to Wang Lin...

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. His cultivation level had showed signs of increasing. He took a deep breath and his eyes were filled with excitement!

“This time, let’s see how far my cultivation level will go!! My cultivation level was too low before. I hope I can stand high in the Immortal Astral Continent after this!!

“And the Devil Dao Sect, I made an oath that I never forgot in these 100 years!!” Wang Lin was filled with killing intent. When he closed his eyes, he could see the human heads he was familiar with. They were all people he knew from the Extreme Sky Prairie.
