Chapter 1900

He sat down and the four essence true bodies guarded him. With these four essence true bodies, Wang Lin could calmly increase his cultivation level inside the silent scorpion temple!

He had reached peak Spirit Void with eight essences, and one of them had even formed an essence true body! Today, everything was different. Wang Lin had three essence true bodies and had also obtained his ninth essence!!

This ninth essence was very important, it was the key to Wang Lin’s increase in cultivation level!!

He had nine essences now: life and death, karma, true and false, restriction, slaughter, thunder, fire, water, and earth!

“Rush for Arcane Void!!” Wang Lin’s eyes shined brightly and he took a deep breath. The four essence true bodies around him released essence aura into his body. The nine essences inside him rapidly rotated and he rushed toward Arcane Void!

Spirit Void and Arcane Void were only one word apart, but the difference was like heaven and earth! Reaching the Arcane Void stage required one to understand the heavens and to possess at least one ethereal essence.

Once he reached the Arcane Void stage, he would be stepping into the ranks of the powerful. Aside from the likes of the nine sects and thirteen factions, an Arcane Void cultivator was still considered very powerful on the Immortal Astral Continent. Most importantly, after reaching the Arcane Void stage, one could cast some mysterious spells. Although they weren’t very useful to Wang Lin, reaching Arcane Void would be a big step in his cultivation!

The nine essences in his body continued to rotate and his late stage Spirit Void cultivation level suddenly increased. The speed of this increase was extremely terrifying, and in the blink of an eye, an illusion appeared above Wang Lin.

It was a mass of clouds, and it rotated into a vortex. It seemed to maintain the same speed as Wang Lin’s essences, which was very fast. Wang Lin’s origin soul seemed to undergo a metamorphosis and released a blinding light. Although this light came from inside his body, but it seemed to release through his skin.

Right now, Wang Lin looked like he was transparent, and he was filled with an unspeakable sense of majesty. At this moment, he broke through peak Spirit Void and reached early stage Arcane Void!!

The moment he entered the early stage of Arcane Void, a lot of things in this world changed for Wang Lin. A lot of things he was confused about became clear.

He opened his eyes and looked around. His gaze revealed wisdom.

“Arcane Void for me is only a transition; my goal is to step into Void Tribulant!!” Wang Lin muttered. Like he said, Arcane Void was just a transition stage. He had obtained a great fortune, especially the power of the world that had gathered inside him from the green furnace. Once his origin soul absorbed it, his cultivation level would increase greatly once more.

Most importantly, Wang Lin had nine essences, and he needed to fuse the nine essence into one!! If he could do this, he could face the nine Arcane Tribulants!!

Once he passed through the Arcane Tribulants, Wang Lin would become a Void Tribulant cultivator

His gaze was filled with decisiveness. He had waited a long time for a fortune like this, and he would not let it go. Without hesitation, Wang Lin took a deep breath, his hands formed a seal, and he pointed forward!

“Nine essences, return to one!” He pointed and the fire essence true body, the earth essence true body, and the water essence true body trembled. Large amounts of essence energy spread out from their foreheads.

The three essence auras swirled before Wang Lin. There was fire, earth, and water moving inside the vortex.

“These three belong to the five elements. Once these three fuse into one, it will help me reach the mid stage of Arcane Void! They all have essence true bodies, so after they fuse, the essence true bodies will be even more powerful!” Wang Lin’s eyes revealed a strange light as his hands formed a seal. The three essences before him rotated faster; fire raged, water surged, and earth trembled.

These three five-element essences continued to collide as they rotated. A thunderous rumble echoed, but the three essences didn’t fuse, they suddenly scattered.

Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he bit the tip of his tongue to spit out blood. He used his blood as an adhesive and began controlling the three essences to fuse once more!!

“Water and fire are opposites, but I’ll use earth as the medium. Earth can bury water and can also bury fire. With my essence blood that contains my will, I refuse to believe these three essences can’t fuse!!” Wang Lin roared and his hands quickly formed seals.

The three essences rumbled inside the vortex before him, and thunderous rumbles echoed. The image inside the vortex constantly changed. Sometimes it was a terrifying flood, and sometimes it was a sea of fire. However, whether it was water or fire, both were being shrouded by a rolling sandstorm.

As time passed, the image inside the vortex flickered faster and faster. Several months later, Wang Lin had coughed out seven mouthfuls of blood, but the essences showed signs of fusing. Wang Lin became more alert as he controlled the three essences to collide hundreds and thousands of times!

Another seven days passed. A thunderous rumble echoed as the three essences began to fuse. The images flashed flashed between the sand, flood, and fire until they overlapped to form a complete image!!

This image had the earth in the middle, with the sea of fire raging above and the roaring flood below. The moment this image was completed, the three essence true bodies began to fuse after their auras had fused!

This was the fusion of three essence true bodies. This new essence true body contained water, fire, and earth. This essence true body was an independent existence and could no longer be called an essence true body. It was more similar to a five-element avatar!

The moment the body created by the fusion of the three essence true bodies appeared, Wang Lin’s origin soul began absorbing the power gathering inside his body. His early stage Arcane Void cultivation suddenly began to increase!!

It was increasing like crazy toward mid stage Arcane Void. This process lasted for a month, and Wang Lin let out a long laugh afterwards. His cultivation level was no longer early stage Arcane Void but mid stage Arcane Void!

Since ancient times, no one could pass the early stage of Arcane Void and reach the mid stage in a few short months. If this got out, Wang Lin would have everyone’s attention!

But all of this was just the beginning, it was far from the end!

“The slaughter essence and the restriction essence are special essences and are very difficult to integrate. However, I can use the thunder essence as threads to temporarily fuse the two special essences and allow my cultivation level to climb to late stage Arcane Void!!

“This is possible because the thunder essence has an essence true body, which makes it far stronger than the two special essences!” As Wang Lin muttered, his eyes lit up and countless blood lines appeared, forming the restriction essence before him. At the same time, a monstrous killing intent gathered before him to form his slaughter essence.

These two special essences rotated before him. Wang Lin raised his right hand and pointed at the thunder essence true body.

The thunder essence true body suddenly opened its eyes, and they were filled with thunder. It quickly changed into a bolt of thunder and moved between the slaughter and restriction essences. It formed threads connecting the two special essences and rapidly fused them!

This fusion was even more difficult than that of the five element essences. After one month, Wang Lin was still unsuccessful. The slaughter essence was extremely domineering, and the restriction was a natural counter to the thunder essence. It was extremely difficult for them to fuse.

Wang Lin’s eyes were filled with blood lines. He looked at the three essences and frowned. Once an opportunity was found, the fusion of essences could be done quickly, but if the opportunity was not there, no matter how much he tried, it would be pointless.

“Unfortunately, I only have two special essences. If I had a third one, it might have been easier… However, I can’t wait any longer. Since I can’t do it this way, I’ll just have to try a different method. Condense onto the thunder essence true body!” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up and he changed his method. He no longer used the thunder essence as an auxiliary but as the main body to absorb the two special essences!

As Wang Lin’s hands formed seals, he coughed out several mouthfuls of essence blood that shrouded the thunder essence true body. After the true body absorbed Wang Lin’s blood, which contained his will, the body stretched out its arms and reached toward the slaughter and restriction essences!

Use the thunder body to fuse slaughter!

Use the thunder body to fuse restriction!

Once it was successful. the thunder essence true body would change rapidly and contain three essences. Even the thunder would change. but such a thing was extremely rare. Wang Lin didn’t know what would happen, but he had to do this!

In a flash, several months passed. On a day several months later, the thunder essence true body gave off a shocking aura. It had successfully integrated with the slaughter and restriction essences. With a thunderous bang, the thunder essence true body went through a shocking change that startled Wang Lin!
