Chapter 1121 – No Worries About Consequences

Qing Lin looked at Wang Lin and slowly said, "Teacher was seriously injured back then and had to battle Ta Jia and Bei Lou after. Eventually, Ta Jia invaded my body…

"Although I'm not completely out of power, I need to enter closed door cultivation to heal. I also learned about the state of the Brilliant Void Star System from your senior brother Wang Wei. It is in complete chaos...

"This new Rain Celestial Realm will become a land for my disciples. The Rain Celestial Realm gate has been sealed, so no one else can enter here anymore.

"If you have friends and relatives, you can bring them here to live in the Rain Celestial Realm. Once your teacher's cultivation has recovered, we can bring the Celestial Realm back to its former glory!" As Qing Lin spoke calmly, his gaze met Wang Lin's.

Wang Lin pondered for a long time and softly said, "Does Master know of ancient gods…"

Qing Lin's expression was normal and nodded.

"I don't know if the current Master can resist an 8-star ancient god… with the royal bloodline!" Wang Lin looked at Qing Lin, his voice still low.

Hearing the word "royal bloodline," Qing Lin pondered for a bit and said, "I presume you're speaking of ancient god Tu Si at planet Suzaku!"

Wang Lin wasn't surprised. Qing Lin was, after all, the Celestial Emperor, and Tu Si had been around since the Celestial Realm. It was reasonable for Qing Lin to know.

"When I was at my peak, I never considered him a threat, but due to some special reasons, I never went to check… Now I only have the power for one attack!

"Even he would be forced to retreat after taking my one attack!"

"Power for one attack…" Wang Lin let out a bitter smile as he understood the meaning behind Qing Lin's words. Qing Lin was too injured and only had power to use one attack right now. Although this one attack could deter Tuo Sen, it couldn't be used. Even if the enemy was forced to retreat, it would make the future perilous.

Qing Lin pondered a bit and slowly said, "I have been entangled by Ancient Devil Ta Jia for far too long. The passage to the outside will open soon. I must quickly recover my peak cultivation. Otherwise, my sealed realm will be wiped out… However, if you need me, I can use that one attack for you!"

Wang Lin shook his head as he looked at Qing Lin and said, "Teacher, what calamity did the Celestial Realm face back then?"

Wang Lin had this question in his heart for over 1,000 years. He still didn't know the reason.

There was a hint of coldness in Qing Lin's eyes and then bitterness emerged.

"Everything was because of the gate to heaven…" Qing Lin was unwilling to say more, and his expression became even more complex.

Wang Lin lowered his head and slowly said, "In Teacher's cave, I met the Tattoo Clan Holy Ancestor…"

Qing Lin pondered a bit and softly said, "Do you believe her words?"

Wang Lin didn't speak.

"The battle between the outside and the sealed realm has lasted for too long. You will know about it in the future." Qing Lin let out a sigh and ended this topic.

"Go bring your friends and relatives here. With Teacher here, I can keep them safe." Qing Lin looked at Wang Lin and kindness appeared in his eyes.

Wang Lin nodded before hesitating for a bit, then his right hand reached at the void. A crack appeared and a crystal coffin slowly flew out.

"Teacher… You… Do you recognize this coffin…" Wang Lin was nervous as he stared at Qing Lin. In truth, there was another reason he wanted to save Qing Lin aside form Situ Nan's poison and Zhou Yi's wish. That reason was to find information about this coffin.

Qing Lin's eyes narrowed and he naturally saw Wang Lin's nervousness. He carefully looked at the coffin before pondering a bit and nodding. "If Teacher isn't wrong, this should be the Heaven-Avoiding Coffin!"

Wang Lin's mind trembled and his breathing became rough.

"This Heaven-Avoiding Coffin is not from the four Celestial Realms; it came from the Ancient Celestial Realm. Rumor has it that it can revive the dead, but that is merely rumor. However, if you know the chant to operate this coffin, it should be possible to bring back a soul fragment.

"However, Teacher doesn't know the chant…" Qing Lin's words gave Wang Lin hope but also made his hopes shatter.

It was as if a heavenly hammer had hit his chest, and Wang Lin's face turned pale and bitter. If Qing Lin didn't know the chant, then who would...

"However…" Qing Lin looked at Wang Lin.

Wang Lin took a deep breath as he looked at Qing Lin. The hope in his eyes were reignited.

"Teacher once heard that the Heaven-Avoiding Coffin first appeared in the Lightning Celestial Realm and belonged to Celestial Emperor Zi Xia. Zi Xia's cultivation level was just below mine and above Bai Fan's. She may have survived the collapse of the Lightning Celestial Realm or still have disciples left behind. You may be able to find the chant of the Heaven-Avoiding Coffin from her!

"Even if you can't find her, it is fine. Once my cultivation recovers, I'll definitely help you!"

Wang Lin got up and clasped his hands. He was already content to get an answer like this.

"Go, get people you think are important and bring them here. I can help you keep them safe." Qing Lin looked tired as he spoke, and he raised his right hand. He waved his right hand and a rune appeared. It landed on Wang Lin's right palm and entered his body.

"When you want to return, activate this rune."

Wang Lin nodded and looked at Qing Lin. He then put away the Heaven-Avoiding Furnace and left.

The cultivators that used to move through the Alliance Star System all disappeared. The majority of cultivators of various forces had all gone to planet Suzaku.

At this moment, a ray of light flashed through the sky. Wang Lin was very calm as he flew ahead. Although Qing Lin's awakening and the formation of the new Rain Celestial Realm didn't resolve his problems, it did make it so he didn't have to worry about consequences.

He was going to send all those close to him to the Rain Celestial Realm. With Qing Lin's promise, Wang Lin could relax.

He didn't want Qing Lin to help him against Tuo Sen. Although it would temporarily eliminate the crisis, as Qing Lin had said, he could only beat and not kill. Therefore, there wouldn't be much of a point.

"I still have to rely on myself…" Wang Lin understand that although he had saved Qing Lin, no one could help him when he face a real crisis.

He had no more real relatives left in this world. At a stretch, there was one person.

Wang Lin clearly remembered that when his mind spread across the star system due to the Heaven Defying Bead, he saw Zhou Ru in the Brilliant Void Realm.

Wang Lin's eyes lit up and he stepped forward. Ripples appeared under his feet and he disappeared. When he reappeared, he was before an abandoned planet far away.

There was nothing abnormal about this planet from afar, but Wang Lin knew that the transfer array to the Brilliant Void Realm was here.

Whether it was to deliver the jade the old Divine Emperor had given him or to take Zhou Ru away, Wang Lin had to come to this Brilliant Void Realm, even though he wasn't willing to face Mu Bingmei.

Looking at the planet in the distance, Wang Lin let out a sigh, but he didn't stop. He directly entered the planet's atmosphere and landed on it.

Recalling what he saw in the past, Wang Lin flew toward the location of the transfer array.

However, just as his divine sense detected the transfer array, four powerful auras appeared around Wang Lin, preventing him from moving forward.

At the same time, an ice cold voice echoed.

"This is a forbidden place. If you take one more step, it doesn't matter where you are from, you will be destroyed!"

Wang Lin frowned as he stopped and said, "I'm not here to battle. I've come to deliver a jade to the Brilliant Void Realm on the behalf of the old Vermillion Bird Divine Emperor!"

The auras around him weakened a bit and the cold voice echoed once more.

"Leave behind the jade and scram!"

There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin's eyes. He could clearly tell that these four auras belonged to Nirvana Scryer cultivators. To have Nirvana Scryer cultivators guard the gate, this showed that the Brilliant Void Realm was no weaker than any other Alliance power.

However, these four cultivators were a bit too arrogant. Even though they had detected that Wang Lin was a Nirvana Cleanser cultivator, their words were still harsh. It was likely that unless a Nirvana Shatterer cultivator showed up, they wouldn't show any courtesy at all.

He already didn't have any good feelings toward the Brilliant Void Realm, but he had come here with the purpose of taking Zhou Ru away. After pondering for a bit, Wang Lin suppressed his anger and calmly said, "In addition to delivering the jade, I want to meet Mu Bingmei."

After he spoke, a laugh echoed once more and the cold voice appeared once more.

"To enter the Brilliant Void Realm, you must take out an invitation jade. Do you have it?"

Wang Lin frowned and calmly said, "I don't have it. I'll trouble you, sir…" Without waiting for Wang Lin to finish, the cold voice immediately interrupted Wang Lin with an impatient tone.

"If you don't have an invitation jade, you can't enter!"

The coldness in Wang Lin's eyes became even stronger, but he suppressed it even more. He calmly said, "I'd like to trouble you, sir, to send a message. Just say…"

"There is no more time. This is the last time I'm telling you to scram!" This was the second time Wang Lin was interrupted by the cold voice.

Killing aura erupted from his body and killing intent filled his eyes. After pondering for a moment, he suppressed it once more and calmly said, "I'll trouble you, sir, to send a message. Just say Wang Lin has come."

"If you have the guts, you can try to break in yourself." The voice was filled with impatience. If it wasn't for the fact that Wang Lin was a Nirvana Cleanser cultivator, he wouldn't have been so polite and would have already attacked.

Wang Lin smiled due to anger. He really didn't think that the four gatekeepers of the Brilliant Void Realm would be this arrogant.

"Good, good!" Coldness appeared in Wang Lin's eyes as he stepped forward and waved his right hand. A sea of flames appeared in the sky, coloring it bright red, and fire rained down from the sky.

His body flickered and he appeared 1,000 feet away and pointed forward. The flames came crashing down. The place where Wang Lin pointed twisted and a white-haired old man dodged with a gloomy expression.

At the same time, the surrounding space twisted and the remaining three people also appeared.
