Chapter 1122 – Zhou Ru

"Anyone who dares to enter the forbidden land must die!" the old man in white shouted as he quickly retreated to the other three to besiege Wang Lin. His right hand hit his bag of holding and took out a jade. He was about to crush it.

Coldness appeared in Wang Lin's eyes and he stepped forward. Ripples echoed, and in the blink of an eye, he appeared before the old man. His finger pointed to between the old man's eyebrows.

Wang Lin could easily kill a Nirvana Scryer cultivator!

The old man's pupils shrank and filled with shock. He wanted to retreated, but he wasn't powerful enough to retreat from Wang Lin! Wang Lin's finger moved like lightning, chasing after the old man, and landed between the old man's eyebrows.

The old man coughed out blood and popping sounds came from inside his body. Then his body collapsed. His origin soul wanted to escape, but it was captured by Wang Lin. The jade he wanted to crush fell in Wang Lin's hand.

All of this happened in the blink of an eye. It was so fast that it caused the three remaining old men to tremble. However, they were all veterans in battle, and they immediately scattered after a moment of shock. One of them quickly shouted, "Set formation!"

After he spoke, all three of them formed a seal and a powerful surge of origin energy gathered before them to form a giant axe that chopped down on Wang Lin!

At the same time, the three of them slapped their bags of holding. A whisk and jade beads appeared before two of them. The whisk was completely black, and under the seal of its master, the strands of the whisk extended. They were like silk swords that rushed toward Wang Lin.

The strands fell like a rain of swords and stirred up the origin energy of the world while they fell.

The old man that took out the jade beads had seven smooth crystal jade beads floating before him. The moment the beads appeared, the cries of babies echoed across the world.

The crying faces of seven babies appeared on the seven beads, then they collapsed and seven infant souls appeared. They let out mournful cries as they charged at Wang Lin from seven different directions.

The final old man didn't take out a treasure, but a jade. He was about to use the time his peers had bought to crush the jade and send information back into the Brilliant Void Realm.

The three of them had obviously cooperated for a long time and unexpectedly didn't have to speak as they acted. If Wang Lin was an ordinary Nirvana Cleanser cultivator, although he wouldn't care about the attacks of three late stage Nirvana Scryer cultivators, they would find it difficult to stop one of them from crushing a jade.

After all, the three of them were very used to fighting together and wouldn't give the other party the slightest chance.

However, they were facing Wang Lin!

Wang Lin didn't even look at those attacks. He waved his sleeves and made the sea of flames surge and immediately blow away the black whisks.

At the same time, Wang Lin pointed forward and softly said, "Stop!"

With one word, the law of the world descended and all spells stopped. Even the three old men weren't able to move at all, and their faces turned pale.

They watched Wang Lin close in and take the jade from the third old man. Wang Lin casually waved his hand and the old man coughed out blood. Popping sounds came from his body, then his body collapsed and his origin soul was taken by Wang Lin.

"I originally didn't want to attack, but you all went too far!" Wang Lin waved his right hand and one of the remaining two elders' body collapsed. He wasn't able to escape his origin soul being collected.

His gaze fell on the the last elder. There was a flash of killing intent in Wang Lin's eyes.

"Someone who refined a treasure with the souls of babies can't be forgiven!!" The last elder was the one that had sent out the seven jade beads, and his eyes were filled with fear. Wang Lin was far more powerful than his understanding of Nirvana Cleanser cultivators. If they had known Wang Lin was this powerful, they wouldn't have dared to be so arrogant. They didn't think they had provoked such a terrifying cultivator.

However, what made him relax was that although Wang Lin had destroyed his companions' bodies, he hadn't damaged their origin souls. This meant that Wang Lin had to be worried about the Brilliant Void Realm as well, but Wang Lin's words made his heart tremble.

He helplessly watched Wang Lin close in, and Wang Lin's finger headed for between his eyebrows. When Wang Lin's finger covered his vision, pain filled his body. White flames appeared from the tip of Wang Lin's finger and surrounded the old man.

There was no scream, but the old man's body turned into black ashes in an instant, including his origin soul.

Out of the four Nirvana Scryer cultivators, three were capture and one was killed. Even until the very end, none of them were able to crush the jade! Without their control, the axe dissipated into origin energy. As for the whisk, it was burned to nothing by the flames.

Those seven mournful baby souls were filled with confusion. When Wang Lin saw those baby souls, his heart trembled and he recalled the past. He waved his sleeves and a vortex appeared to absorb the seven baby souls.

Wang Lin's expression was calm as he arrived next to the transfer array. He stepped into the transfer array and squatted down to mess with it. Then the formation lit up and origin energy surged from all directions. The formation activated and Wang Lin was enveloped in light.

A moment later, the light disappeared and the formation was empty.

The Brilliant Void Realm belonged to a new space that had been opened up. This place was very beautiful and was almost no different from the Celestial Realm. The only difference was that there was no celestial spiritual energy here. Instead, it was filled with rich origin energy.

The mountains pierced into the sky and the rivers flowed. There were little beasts frolicking around and cranes flying across the sky. The land was filled with harmony.

There was a huge formation in the northern part of the Brilliant Void Realm. This was the entrance to the Brilliant Void Realm, and at this moment, there was a boy sitting outside the transfer array.

Although this boy looked young, there was an ancient feel about him. It was obvious that he only looked like a boy due to his cultivation method.

He was sitting there when he suddenly opened his eyes. He muttered a few words and looked at the formation.

He saw the formation rumble and light brighten before reaching a peak in an instant. The space above the formation began to twist.

It didn't take long for the light from the formation to dim and the sound to gradually fade. A person appeared above the formation.

The boy was a bit lazy, but his body suddenly stiffened. He suddenly stood up and retreated before staring at the person that stepped out from the formation.

The boy's pupils shrank and he said, "There is the scent of blood on your body!"

Wang Lin had already seen the Brilliant Void Realm when he came here with his mind. When he walked out of the formation, he looked at the boy and calmly clasped his hands. "I ask you, sir, to send a message that I, Wang Lin, have come on behalf of the Vermillion Bird Divine Sect to deliver a jade!"

The boy frowned and his gaze became cold as he softly said, "You got guts. It has been a long time since someone dared to break into the Brilliant Void Realm."

Hearing the boy's words, Wang Lin let out a sigh and simply ignored this person. His divine sense spread out across the Brilliant Void Realm and sent out a message.

"Junior Wang Lin has come to deliver a jade from the old Vermillion Bird Divine Emperor!"

The boy's eyes lit up, but he didn't attack. He continued to observe Wang Lin. At this moment, several divine senses swept over, and these included Nirvana Shatterer cultivators.

There were quite a few of them that could kill Wang Lin!

Wang Lin had dared to come to the Brilliant Void Realm because he was confident. The old Vermillion Bird Divine Emperor wouldn't harm him. Since he was asked to deliver a jade, then the jade would naturally not bring him any danger.

Wang Lin didn't try to see what was inside the jade. He knew that it was better to not know some things.

Aside from the old Vermillion Bird Divine Emperor, the rune Qing Lin had given Wang Lin made him have not worry. As long as he activated the rune, he would return to the new Rain Celestial Realm!

Zhou Ru was sitting on the peak of a mountain, cultivating in the Brilliant Void Realm. Little White was beside her, lazily looking at the clouds. No one knew what he was thinking.

Just at this moment, Wang Lin's divine sense arrived. Zhou Ru's body immediately trembled and she suddenly opened her eyes.

"Uncle!!!"

Even Little White's body trembled and he quickly stood up and looked into the distance.

Zhou Ru's little face was bright red. It was obvious she was very excited. She had been looking for Wang Lin for a long time, and now that she had heard Wang Lin's voice, how could she not be excited?

Without any hesitation, she turned into a ray of light and flew toward that divine sense. Little White followed Zhou Ru. His big head swayed and he was on guard. He still was very afraid of that cultivator that struck fear in him in the past.

After Zhou Ru left, an extremely beautiful woman appeared from the void where Zhou Ru was. She silently looked ahead with a complicated and bitter expression. She lifted her feet and stepped forward.

Wang Lin just waited there after he sent out his divine sense. It didn't take long before a few rays of light flew over, and they turned into cultivators before Wang Lin. They all had varying cultivation levels, and the weakest was at the early stage of Nirvana Cleanser. They coldly looked at Wang Lin and didn't consider him to be worth anything.

The old man that had gone to the Demon Spirit Land with Mu Bingmei didn't appear. It was a middle-aged man wearing purplish-golden robes that appeared from the void before Wang Lin.

The middle-aged man was filled with majesty. After he appeared, the surrounding cultivators all became very respectful.

The middle-aged man's gaze swept past Wang Lin as he slowly said, "It is rare for the Vermillion Bird Divine Emperor to come visit the Brilliant Void Realm!"
