Chapter 1175 – Member of the God Sect

The middle-aged man's face was pale and he revealed a bitter expression as he looked at Wang Lin walking closer. He pondered a bit and clasped his hands. "Devil Collection Sect's Shang Qi greets Fellow Cultivator."

Wang Lin didn't speak and coldly looked at the middle-aged man before him. This person was at the mid stage of Nirvana Shatterer. Wang Lin had always wondered if he could battle mid stage Nirvana Shatterer after he fused with his original body.

The middle-aged man's expression became even more bitter. He let out a sigh and clasped his hands again. "Two days ago, Wu Qing was expelled from the Devil Collection Sect. His words and actions were his own without any connection to the Devil Collection Sect. He dared to provoke your excellency from the God Sect. It is his own fault that he died!"

Wang Lin still didn't speak and his gaze was still cold. The more he acted like this, the more he fit the identity of someone from the God Sect, someone who arrogantly looked down at the world! A mere rank 6 sect was insignificant in the eyes of a member of the God Sect!

The middle-aged man let out a bitter smile. He clenched his teeth and his right hand reached at the void. A crack to his storage space opened and bottles of pill flew out. There were seven bottles in total.

"These all contain rank 7 Soul Parting Death Pills. A total of 46 pills!"

Wang Lin's eyes were still cold.

The middle-aged man pondered for a moment, then he reached out again and took out a pill bottle.

"There are nine rank 8 Soul Parting Death Pills…"

Wang Lin's voice was calm, but he gave off a sense of majesty as he slowly said, "I won't pursue Wu Qing's offense toward me anymore, but this is not enough to clear your Devil Collection Sect's offense toward me."

This majesty was not something an ordinary cultivator could have. Even a Nirvana Shatterer cultivator wouldn't have this unless they were the leader of a powerful sect.

Wang Lin was once the Divine Emperor of the Vermillion Bird Divine Sect. He didn't need to force it; just thinking about the Vermillion Bird Divine Sect enabled him to naturally display this majesty.

The middle-aged man let out a wry smile and took out two more bottles of pills. He looked at Wang Lin and bitterly said, "Two rank 10 pills. This is my limit."

Wang Lin calmly said, " Wu Qing spent tens of thousands of celestial jades to make it difficult for me to get a treasure."

The middle-aged man didn't speak. He took out a bag from his storage space.

Without looking at the bag, Wang Lin took everything and nodded at the middle-aged man. He turned into a ray of light and flew toward an inn in a city on the east side of Peng Lai.

It wasn't until Wang Lin left that the middle-aged man's expression became ugly. The rage inside him was almost monstrous.

"Wu Qing, I told you not to provoke this person, but you didn't listen!! You deserved to die! However, you implicated the Devil Collection Sect… This person was unexpectedly someone from the God Sect, ah!"

On the top of a mountain peak on the east of Peng Lai, Li Qianmei's eyes revealed a strange light. After silently pondering for a long time, she softly muttered, "God Sect? It has been many years since the people of the God Sect left the rank 9 region. Only the very core disciples can use the War Spirit Print. How could they be allowed to leave the God Sect so easily… It was that person's first palm that was very strange. I don't know what spell is tyrannical enough to control the origin energy like that. It almost felt like a slave imprint!"

Wang Lin didn't move very fast as he flew across the sky and returned to the east side of Peng Lai. He immediately saw the half-ruined city and the countless cultivators flying in the sky.

These cultivators all had complicated expressions when Wang Lin's arrived, and they all stepped aside. They all looked at Wang Lin with a hint of fear. None of the cultivators that had come here were weak, and what had just happened had shaken them greatly.

That giant palm was very surprising. In the Cloud Sea, almost everyone knew that that easily distinguishable palm was the God Sect's number one spell, the War Spirit Print!

Even those that were skeptical were no longer suspicious after seeing the might of that palm.

Among the cultivators from the rank 6 sects, their elders all came out to greet Wang Lin. Master Ashen Pine looked at Wang Lin from afar with a smile to cover his shock. He seemed like he wanted to talk.

Wang Lin's expression was calm, but he sneered in his heart. He clasped his hands as a polite response as he move through the crowd and returned to his inn. In the cultivation world, the strong were respected. Wang Lin had revealed that he could easily kill an early stage Nirvana Shatterer cultivator and could use the War Spirit Print. Now no one in the rank 5 region would dare to the provoke him.

Even the Treasured Jade Sect didn't dare to blame him for destroying half the city.

After returning to the inn, Wang Lin counted this harvest. On top of what the middle-aged man had given him, there was the myriad of items from Wu Qing's storage space.

After looking at everything, Wang Lin took out the red feather. Holding the feather in his hand, a flame appeared in his left eye. The flame flickered and seemed to resonate with the fire origin energy inside the feather.

"If I can undergo my third Vermillion Bird Awakening, I will become even stronger… Unfortunately, this one feather isn't enough." The feather in his hand immediately turned into a flame that looked like a Vermillion Bird. It flew from his hand and circled him as if it was very happy. Finally, it entered into Wang Lin's left eye and disappeared.

The moment the Vermillion Bird entered his left eye, a sea of flames appeared around him. However, the flames didn't destroy anything in the inn but instead burned the void.

After a long time, these flame were absorbed into his body. Wang Lin took a deep breath and began to ponder.

"After killing Wu Qing and using the name of the God Sect, there should be no one on Peng Lai who would dare to have any ideas about me." Wang Lin's eyes lit up.

"So it's time to start the harvest."

During the next few days, the rank 6 sects all came to visit, and the old monsters from Master Ashen Pine's party came to visit as well. Wang Lin calmly received them all. None of the visitors came empty-handed, and they were all very respectful.

Although they were still doubtful of Wang Lin's identity, it was impossible to verify it. Only the people of the God Sect would know if Wang Lin was real or fake!

If he was fake, it would be fine because then at most they would lose some gifts. However, if he was real, then having a good relationship with him was the dream of any sect.

On this day, he sent away the cultivators from the Dao Spell Sect, and the old man in black who had the feather came to visit.

This old man didn't talk about what happened before at all and looked calm. He feared Wang Lin in his heart. After all, Wu Qing was easily killed by Wang Lin, and he was also at the early stage of Nirvana Shatterer, so it was natural to be extremely cautious.

After exchanging pleasantries, the old man clasped his hands. "Fellow Cultivator Lu, I haven't introduced myself yet. My name is Du De. I have no sect and am just a rogue cultivator in the rank 6 region. It's an honor to meet Fellow Cultivator Lu here at Peng Lai."

Wang Lin smiled and slowly said, "Fellow Cultivator Du is as free as the clouds without any sect holding you down. I'm envious."

The old man in black wryly smiled and shook his head. "This old man likes peace and quiet, so I didn't enter any sect. I only came to Peng Lai because an old friend invited me. After the big auction in two days, I'll leave. If Fellow Cultivator comes to the rank 6 region in the future, you can come and visit my cave."

Wang Lin nodded. He looked at the old man in black and pondered for a moment.

This old man in black's cultivation had already reached this point, so he was naturally very aware. "If Fellow Cultivator Lu wants to say something, then there is no harm in just saying it."

Wang Lin looked at the old man in black and slowly said, "I wonder where Fellow Cultivator Du got that Vermillion Bird feather?"

"This…" The old man in black pondered a bit and said, "I obtained it from a wild continent in the rank 6 region. Outsiders don't know about it and I only found it by accident. All the fierce beasts there are good with fire and it is a dangerous place, so I didn't venture far in." After he finished speaking, he took out a jade and his divine sense went inside before handing it to Wang Lin.

"If Fellow Cultivator Lu is interested, you may check it out. However, don't go in too deep. According to my observations, there is a rank 11 fierce beast there!"

Wang Lin took the jade and scanned it with his divine sense. He then clasped his hands at the old man in black. They talked for a bit more before the old man in black left.

Over the past two days, Wang Lin had subtly spread out the news that he was looking to buy star maps. Soon, people began to buy star maps, and in just two days, almost all the star maps in the city had been brought.

After the maps had been carefully verified, the star maps eventually ended up in Master Ashen Pine's hands. Holding these star maps, Master Ashen Pine went to the inn Wang Lin was in. After catching up, he took out a bag filled with star maps.

"I heard Fellow Cultivator Lu was interested in star maps, so I had people gather some. However, there is too much false information, so I don't know how much is accurate. Fellow Cultivator Lu needs to carefully examine them."

After taking the bag, Wang Lin smiled and clasped his hands. "Thank you, Fellow Cultivator Ashen Pine. This has saved me a lot of trouble."

After talking for a while, Master Ashen Pine looked at Wang Lin and suddenly said, "I wonder if Fellow Cultivator Lu will have any urgent matters to attend to after tomorrow's auction."

Wang Lin looked at Master Ashen Pine and shook his head. "Fellow Cultivator Ashen Pine, you can just say what you need to say."

Master Ashen Pine pondered for a bit and said, "I know of a secret place, and there may be something there that you would be interested in." As he spoke, he looked at Wang Lin. After finding no change in Wang Lin's expression, he took out a jade and handed it to Wang Lin.

Wang Lin accepted the jade. He didn't check it but looked at Master Ashen Pine with a smile that wasn't a smile.

Master Ashen Pine let out a dry cough and said, "Long story short, I see that Fellow Cultivator Lu is trading for a lot of origin crystals. If you help me enter that place, I'll gift you 10,000 origin crystals as an reward!"

Wang Lin calmly swept the jade with his divine sense and his eyes closed. The room was quiet. Master Ashen Pine was not anxious and waited for Wang Lin's reply.

After a moment, Wang Lin opened his eyes and calmly said, "I want 20,000 origin crystals, 10,000 up front!"

Master Ashen Pine hesitated for a moment before he nodded and smiled. "Good. To gain the help of someone from the God Sect for 20,000 origin crystals is a good value! After tomorrow's auction is over, I'll deliver the origin crystals and we will head out!"

Master Ashen Pine clasped his hands and left. After he left Wang Lin's room, his smile disappeared and he let out a cold snort in his heart.

"How can the people of the God Sect be lacking origin crystals? This person's identity is extremely suspicious. Whether his identity is true or not doesn't matter as long as he behaves. As long as I can enter that place, my cultivation level will climb, and then…" Master Ashen Pine took a deep breath and suppressed the excitement in his heart. He had been preparing for this for almost 1,000 years!
