Chapter 1197 – Sovereign [1]

Wang Lin held the jade and his divine sense carefully swept past it.

"It has been three years… Second Brother is dead and Third Brother is also dead… They became Lost Ones and wandered here… I saw them four days ago, but they no longer recognize me and just walked past me… I can't let things continue, I must find a way."

"This is the sixth year since I came here, and I found a jade. It contains a restriction called 'Time Restriction.' I must learn it…"

"Uncle-Master left. He went into the depths of this place. He told me a voice had called him… This is the 11th year since I came here… I manage to grasp a bit of the Time Restriction."

"How much time has passed? It must have been at least 30 years. The Enlightened Ones attacked once more, and I clearly saw Uncle-Master among them… They took away Fifth Brother and Sixth Brother…"

"I have finally mastered the Time Restriction. I and the remnants of my sect set a giant Time Restriction in an valley. Ninth Brother sacrificed his life to reinforce the time of this restriction. Before he died, he made me promise him that I would take his remains back to the Heaven Breaking Sect… I promised, but can I do it…

"The Time Restriction has protected the valley, and the valley has become my home… However, I didn't find the warmth of home. I only saw familiar faces gradually become unfamiliar.

"I can't continue like this. I must find a way. I'm going to save them!"

Wang Lin silently pondered as he looked at the skeleton before him. The contents of the jade ended. He looked at the second jade and picked it up. His divine sense entered it.

"It has been 100 years. There is no night or day, so I can't accurately calculate the time here. However, by judging the power of the Time Restriction, it should have been 100 years. Just why do I feel like 1,000 years have pass… 13th Brother destroyed his own body and died… He couldn't bear this kind of existence any longer.

"The people around me have become Lost Ones or Enlightened Ones. Only me, 16th Brother, and Fourth Uncle remain. I know we are sinners, and perhaps this is our punishment. However, I'm unwilling to yield!! I won't yield!

"Today is a day I will never forgot. It has been more than 130 years since I came here, and this was the first time the Defying Ones appeared. Fourth Uncle turned into a Defying One…

"They're all gone. Only 16th Brother and I remain… However, I thought of a method to save them. I must try, even if it means death! I said goodbye to 16th Brother and left the valley.

"I brought back Second Brother and Third Brother, along with everyone else that became Lost Ones… I entered the depths of the mountain and found Fifth Brother and Sixth Brother, who became Enlightened Ones, and brought them back. I then went into the depths of this place. I was very familiar with the path there…"

"I found Second Uncle and brought him back."

The jade ended here. Wang Lin stared at the jade as he put it down. He pondered about the contents for a long time and then picked up the third jade!

"I have already been here for more than 300 years and have gone to all the places I can go. I found a bead that could seal the spells of Defying Ones! I don't know what they are exactly, but in order to save Fourth Uncle, I searched a majority of the places and found a few more beads.

"That was the fourth time I went into the depths of this place. I knew that it was here that Fourth Uncle faced those powerful Defying Ones. I used the beads to seal all their spells… I searched for a few years before I finally found Fourth Uncle… It's just… I didn't expect him to be there, so I failed… A seven-colored nail pierced into my body… This nail was very strange; it immediately melted inside my body.

"I finally escaped and returned to the valley in a blur. My consciousness gradually faded and an insane idea kept appearing in my mind. This insane idea wanted me to kill all living creatures I could see… It's just that the only other living thing here besides me was 16th Brother.

"I drove 16th Brother out of the valley. I gave my identity token and beast bone to him. I made him leave the valley and told him to come back in 10 years… 16th Brother left… I sat in the valley, looking up at the seven-colored sky, waiting for the final madness to come."

"Second Brother, Third Brother, and all my fellow sect members, if any of you awaken and see my jades, you will know what happened in those hundreds of years...

"Also, I have collected a lot of those strange beads. I vaguely found some clues about them. These stone beads are not natural; they were refined by someone. There was no difference between their size, weight, or surface… It is as if someone came here and used a special spell to make these beads a long time ago…

"My consciousness became blurred, but I had a feeling something was pulling at my origin soul… I don't know why, but at that moment, my consciousness became clear and a crazy idea emerged in my head… Maybe I should do it… If I succeed, I won't go crazy. I will… be reborn!

"My consciousness seemed to leave my body and extended into the starry sky… I saw… a person. A middle-aged man in a black robe with a round mark between his eyebrows. He said that his name was 'Sovereign…'"

Wang Lin's face turned pale and he sucked in a breath of cold air. He subconsciously took a few steps back and stared at the jade in his hand and the skeleton. His eyes were filled with disbelief.

"Sovereign…" Wang Lin wasn't unfamiliar with this name! In Qing Lin's cave, he learned that outside the sealed realm, there was a powerful existence called the Sovereign!

However, at that moment, the Sovereign was a far away existence, a powerhouse from Qing Lin's era. A long time had passed since then.

However, Wang Lin didn't expect to find a jade with information about the Sovereign in the Cloud Sea Star System, in this Seven-Colored World, in this valley!

Wang Lin closed his eyes and couldn't help but think back to when Qing Shui was battling the Moongazer Serpent. He had collapsed the void, resulting in those two mysterious cultivators showing up!

Those two people were residents of the outer realm! If not for the Heaven Defying Bead appearing, he would have been capture by them!

"Back when the old man saw the Heaven Defying Bead, he called me the Sovereign of the Sealed Realm…" Wang Lin opened his eyes and let out a deep breath. His mind was like the raging sea after learning of the information inside the jade. He couldn't calm down for a long time.

"This Seven-Colored Realm is related to the All-Seer and also the Sovereign… Especially these seven-colored nails that can make one go crazy and kill all living things… Senior Brother Qing Shui said that before the Celestial Realm Collapsed, he was in closed door cultivation when he suddenly went mad. Even he himself doesn't know why… All of this was related to going mad!!

"Also, the old Vermillion Bird Divine Emperor said that after Senior Brother Qing Shui went to the Cultivation Alliance, he went crazy again… What kind of secret is behind all of this? It must be related to that Sovereign!

"All-Seer, Qing Shui, Sima Mo, Sovereign…" Wang Lin silently pondered.

After a long time, he let out a sigh and looked at Sima Mo's skeleton with a complicated expression. There was no trace of destruction around Sima Mo, meaning he didn't go crazy in the end!

Since he didn't go crazy, then that idea related to the Sovereign had succeeded!

"I didn't think this would be the spatial crack that the Heaven Breaking Sect found back then… It is also where the beast bone pill recipe appeared! However, how did the beast bone and jade leave this place… Could it be that the 16th Brother somehow left this place, causing the jade and beast bone to appear in the Cloud Sea once more…

"Then there is the person that was mentioned in the jade… Who is he… According to Sima Mo, the Heaven Breaking Sect didn't know of this place back then. They came here because of that person's words… And hundreds of years later, Sima Mo unexpectedly saw that mysterious person again!" Wang Lin rubbed his temples. The more he learned, the more confused he became.

He raised his head and looked at the nine caves sealed by rocks. Wang Lin arrived next to the first cave and looked at the rock. His eyes lit up and looked at it for a very long time before he placed his right hand on it. His origin energy gently entered the rock.

The rock made a rumbling sound as it was moved to the side.

The moment the cave was open, the smell time and decay flew out. This cave was very small, only 100 feet wide. There was a grey light, and 10 beads the size of a baby's fist floated inside the light.

Every single bead contained a faint rune and was flashing. However, they were giving off a grey light that was hard to see. If you weren't careful, it was easy to miss.

After seeing the beads, Wang Lin's mind trembled. He immediately recognized them as what Master Ashen Pine had used to summon the spells of the Defying Ones!

"The contents of the jades are indeed true!" Wang Lin's eyes lit up as his right hand reached out and one of the beads flew into his grasp. His divine sense spread out and he carefully observed it. Wang Lin's expression changed greatly! It was as if countless bolts of thunder had exploded in his mind!

When Master Ashen Pine took out the beads, he was very fast and it was inconvenient for Wang Lin to take try to get a closer look, because it would distract him from the battle. Wang Lin had only taken a glance and didn't get a closer look, but now he could clearly examine them.

"Heaven defying bead…"

1. I previous translated the name to Supreme but found Sovereign much better fit after talking with people
