Chapter 379 – Crazy Recovery (2)

He had been stuck at the early stage of Core Formation for a very long time, which was why he was kicked out of the inner sect to become a steward for the outer sect disciples.

Wang Lin’s cultivation speed gave him a sliver of hope.

“The sect doesn’t care about the life and death of outer sect disciples at all, so it’ll be fine if I kill him. This person is also a rogue cultivator, so after he dies, no one will search for him. Qian Mu, don’t blame me; blame yourself for cultivating too fast. If I wait until you reach the Core Formation stage, it will be difficult to deal with you, but right now it will be as simple as waving my hand!”

The middle-aged man flew toward Wang Lin’s cave and arrived outside of it in the blink of an eye.

The surroundings were completely silent and the middle-aged man was stunned. Normally, when someone was in closed door cultivation, the door would be completely sealed, but Wang Lin’s door was only half-closed.

Having eliminated the need to use the jade to open the door, the middle-aged man bravely entered the cave. Although he found it strange, he didn’t think a late stage Foundation Establishment cultivator would be his match, so he entered the cave.

The moment he entered the cave, he saw Wang Lin sitting on the bed calmly looking at him.

The middle-aged man’s eyes lit up and without a word his hand formed a seal. He silently shot out a ray of spiritual energy toward Wang Lin.

He didn’t want to kill Wang Lin now; he wanted to capture him and question him before ending his life.

Wang Lin’s eyes revealed a mocking expression. He slapped his bag of holding and took out the restriction flag. He shook the flag and then a ray of restriction light shot out of it and collided with the ray of spiritual energy.

The spiritual energy immediately collapsed.

“You’re courting death!” The middle-aged man sneered and spat out a three-inch-long sword. He held the sword and charged toward the restriction gas. In his mind, this late stage Foundation Establishment junior couldn’t withstand the power of this flying sword that had been refined by his golden core.

But his smile froze. The moment the flying sword touched the restriction gas, a cracking sound could be heard. The sword broke in half straight down the middle.

Wang Lin, who was on the stone bed, shook his head and sighed. “When I started cultivating, you weren’t even born yet!”

The middle-aged man’s face was pale and he coughed out blood. Without any hesitation, he turned around to leave, but the restriction gas quickly caught him and dragged him back.

The middle-aged man opened his mouth to speak, but after a slap from Wang Lin, he let out a miserable groan and coughed out a mouthful of blood along with some broken teeth.

“I’m from the Soul Refining Sect…” The middle-aged man was terrified from the pain.

But before he finished speaking, Wang Lin slapped him again. A hint of madness entered the middle-aged man’s eyes. He had never been humiliated like this since he started cultivating.

“I’ll fight to the end!” The middle-aged man shouted, and then cracks appeared on his golden core. His eyes were bloodshot as he stared at Wang Lin.

“It would be a waste to let your golden core explode.” Wang Lin shook the restriction flag in his hand and three branches of restriction gas immediately shot out. In the blink of eye, they entered the middle-aged man’s body and wrapped around his golden core. To the middle-aged man’s shock, his golden core was torn out of his body.

Wang Lin grabbed the golden core and swallowed it.

The middle-aged man’s body trembled. He coughed out blood and his body weakened. He screamed in his heart, “He is not at the Foundation Establishment stage!! He is not a Foundation Establishment cultivator!!”

All of his spiritual energy was being drained from his body. He clenched his teeth and managed to squeeze out, “You…Who exactly are you…”

“You don’t deserve to know!” Wang Lin arrived before the middle-aged man and pointed at his brow. The middle-aged man’s eyes widened before they lost their color and he fell down.

Wang Lin shook his head. He didn’t want to kill, but this person forced him to. He hit the middle-aged man’s body with his hand and the entire body turned to ashes and disappeared.

Wang Lin walked out of the cave and charged toward cave 743.

Outside of cave 743, Wang Lin waved his hand to shoot a restriction at the door. Then his body turn into a ray of white light and charged toward the door.

The moment he touched the door, his body disappeared. When he reappeared, he was inside cave 743.

The reason he was able to get through was because of that restriction.

“Who!?” A gasp came from inside the cave. The butcher-looking guy was sitting on the stone bed with a look of disbelief on his face.

But after seeing that it was Wang Lin, he became angry, but he suddenly felt like cold water was being poured over him. He didn’t know that Wang Lin had entered through a restriction, so the only thing he could think of was teleportation.

“Sen… Senior…” His voice was trembling. Before he could say more, Wang Lin arrived before him. Wang Lin pointed at the butcher-looking guy’s brow, causing him to pass out.

After throwing the person to the side, Wang Lin didn’t even bother to look at him. His eyes fell on the right wall.

Shortly after, Wang Lin slapped his bag of holding and a flying sword appeared. He pointed at the wall and the flying sword cut into it.

The sounds of stone being smashed filled the room and soon, a hole big enough for a person to crawl through appeared. Wang Lin entered the hole after the flying sword.

With the flying sword opening a path, Wang Lin followed. The tunnel went on for more than 300 feet, and at the end of the tunnel was a room that was glowing gold.

“Spirit vein ore deposit!” Wang Lin’s eyes lit up. He was filled with joy.

He pointed at the flying sword, which let out a hymn as if it had intelligence, and it quickly went back through the tunnel. In the blink of an eye, it arrived back in cave 743 and stabbed into the ground next to the butcher-like cultivator.

The sword instantly exploded into pieces that formed a restriction, trapping the butcher-like cultivator inside.

Wang Lin pressed on the wall at the entrance and the walls of the tunnel began to move. Soon, the tunnel behind him disappeared without a trace.

Even looking from inside cave 743, one wouldn’t be able to see anything wrong.

Wang Lin’s right hand formed a seal and he placed a restriction on the spirit vein ore deposit. This was the same restriction he had used to get inside cave 743. He charged into the deposit and reappeared deep within it.

Now he was in the depths of the mountain. There were countless spirit stone deposits surrounding him, creating a powerful surge of spiritual energy.

This spiritual energy couldn’t be directly absorbed by cultivators because there was too much impurity inside it. It needed to be converted before cultivators could absorb it.

However, this only applied to low level cultivators, so Wang Lin didn’t care at all.

The density of spiritual energy here had reached such a degree that it created a pressure similar to what powerful cultivators could create. However, this was all just natural spiritual energy, so it couldn’t compare to the pressure a cultivator emitted.

Wang Lin was immediately affected by the pressure once he charged in. This pressure felt like an entire mountain pressing down upon him.

However, this mountain wasn’t just pressing from above; it pressed Wang Lin’s body from all sides.

Crackling sounds came from inside his body as a result. Instead of being worried, Wang Lin was extremely happy. This was exactly the pressure he was looking for. Under this pressure, he could feel his shattered origin soul beginning to reform.

“I’m going all the way!” He slapped his bag of holding and three top quality spirit stones flew out. Wang Lin took a deep breath before letting out a roar and then the three top quality spirit stones all exploded.

An insane amount of spiritual energy exploded forth and fused with the surrounding spiritual energy. The pressure Wang Lin was feeling suddenly increased several fold.

Wang Lin bled from his orifices, but his eyes were filled with joy.

“Still need a bit more!” Wang Lin clenched his teeth and two more top quality spirit stones appeared and exploded. As if adding a spoonful of water into boiling oil, the spirit vein went crazy.

The pressure on Wang Lin’s body increased greatly.

Under this powerful pressure, the shattered pieces of Wang Lin’s origin soul were slowly condensing like pieces of a shattered mirror being put back together.

At the same time, an unimaginable amount of spiritual energy entered Wang Lin’s body. Even the tea domain and seal couldn’t stop it.

Wang Lin’s cultivation began to recover at an extremely quick pace.

Breakthrough to the peak of the late stage of Foundation Establishment!

Core Formation, complete!

Breakthrough to the early stage Core Formation!

Breakthrough to the mid stage!

Breakthrough to the late stage!

Breakthrough to the early of stage Nascent Soul!

The spirit vein’s core began to dim and the spirit stone deposits turned to dust which rapidly spread.

Ten breaths!

Only ten breaths! In just ten breaths of time, all of the trees growing on the mountain wilted.

The entire spirit vein inside the mountain dimmed and disappeared in just ten breaths of time. The entire mountain was now a useless spirit vein.

At this moment, thousands of outer sect disciples that were cultivating inside this mountain opened their eyes. They all noticed the spiritual energy inside their rooms disappear. After that, a powerful suction force came from below them, sucking away the spiritual energy inside their bodies.

Terrified, all of the outer sect disciples used various methods to leave the caves. They no longer dared to stay within them.

In the spirit vein deep inside the mountain, Wang Lin suddenly opened his eyes. He immediately teleported and disappeared. When he reappeared, he was already outside the mountain. There were outer sect disciples all around him. They were all talking with shock and fear on their faces.

All Wang Lin could hear was speculation about the strange event that had just taken place.

As for that butcher-like cultivator, Wang Lin controlled the shattered sword to release the restriction to let him come out. When the butcher-like cultivator saw Wang Lin, he immediately became terrified.

However, with one cold glance from Wang Lin, he immediately became respectful and no longer dared to make any noise.

Just at this moment, a gaze was cast upon him. He turned his head and saw that beautiful woman looking at him with a friendly smile.

Wang Lin frowned. He didn’t have time to deal with this woman. He glanced coldly at her and then withdrew his gaze.

“Peak of the mid stage of Nascent Soul!! I didn’t expect that my action just now would allow me to recover to this level of cultivation. And along with this, my origin soul has begun to recover. Although it is not completely healed, I can now use my domain!” Wang Lin took a deep breath. His eyes were calm.

However, compared to all of this, the life to death and death to life experience he gained was even more important.

The huge change in the mountain attracted the attention of the inner sect. Three people came out. One of them was a white-haired elder who emitted a pressure without even being angry. He shouted, “All of you, shut up!”
