Chapter 1559 – Thanks…

The seven-colored figure slowly said, “There are still six more sealing thorns, you can continue.”

Wang Lin silently pondered and suppressed the thought in his mind. His right hand reached out for the fifth thorn, this was located at the dantian.

“This fifth thorn is sealing his origin!” The seven-colored figure’s ethereal voice echoed in Wang Lin’s ears.

The moment Wang Lin touched the thorn, his celestial and ancient powers surged at once. It was as if his body was going to be broken. As the two forces rush into his right arm, he mercilessly pulled out the thorn.

A thunderous bang rang out when he pulled out the thorn. However, Wang Lin’s body trembled and popping sounds came from his right arm. Blood mist gushed out and he retreated a few steps before he stabilized himself.

With bloodshot eyes, Wang Lin walked up to Qing Shui. Qing Shui’s face was filled with extreme pain and muffled groans were escaping his mouth.

After approaching Qing Shui, Wang Lin didn’t hesitate to grab the sixth and seventh thorns that were in Qing Shui’s legs!

Without waiting for the seven-colored figure to speak, Wang Lin let out a roar. Golden light flashed from Wang Lin’s arms and ancient power filled them. While covered in blood, he pulled hard with both hands!

Even someone as strong as Qing Shui could no longer endure the pain, but his miserable scream was suppressed into a hiss.

With a bang, both thorns were pulled out by Wang Lin. Now blood was flowing out from the corner of his mouth. However, the rejection force inside Wang Lin had reached a peak, causing his face to become distorted.

“Not bad, there are three more left. However, these last three thorns are not easy to remove. If you can remove them, I will give you a gift.” The seven-colored figure was calm and reached out at the seven-colored cloud in the sky. The cloud trembled and a giant, yellow fruit formed and slowly descended.

There was still a branch connected to the fruit. The seven-colored figure cut the branch and the fruit fell down.

“This is a gift for you.”

Wang Lin looked at the Dao Fruit and frowned. The seven-colored figure gave him the same feeling as the All-Seer. He couldn’t guess this person’s intent. This person had allowed him to save Qing Shui, told him the secret of the Ancient Ones, and even gifted him a Dao Fruit!

All of this couldn’t be done for no reason, there had to be a problem!

Wang Lin silently pondered before withdrawing his gaze from the Dao Fruit. He looked at the eighth thorn that was inches from the area between Qing Shui’s eyebrows!

Wang Lin could see the other two thorns, but they would not be easy to remove.

Taking a deep breath, Wang Lin’s right hand rose up slowly and reached toward Qing Shui’s head. This time, he was very slow and much more serious than his previous actions.

This eighth thorn was located at the head, which was the intersection of life and death. If it was dead-center between Qing Shui’s eyebrows, it would make sense, but it was off by a few inches, which confused Wang Lin.

“This eighth thorn is not a thorn but something placed there to break open his reincarnation…” The seven-colored figure seemed to be smiling as he watched Wang Lin’s hand slowly close in on the eighth thorn.

Wang Lin’s hand paused for a moment when it was one inch form the thorn. This thorn was different from the other seven. Although they were also embedded in Qing Shui’s body, most of the other thorns were outside. However, this eighth thorn was mostly inside Qing Shui, with only two inches of it outside.

Two inches was very short!

Wang Lin’s hand couldn’t stop, but he didn’t know what would happen to Qing Shui once he pulled it out. His position was simply too dangerous.

Qing Shui slowly looked up and looked at Wang Lin. Although his face was filled with pain, his eyes were clear. He looked at Wang Lin for a long time and then nodded.

Wang Lin looked at Qing Shui and clenched his teeth. He didn’t hesitate any longer and grabbed the eighth thorn. The moment Wang Lin grabbed the thorn, the pain caused Qing Shui to let out muffled roars.

When Wang Lin touched the thorn, distorted memories entered his mind, putting him in a state of chaos. The large influx of images caused Wang Lin’s mind to feel swollen and painful.

He couldn’t look at the memories in detail. His hand grabbing the eighth thorn mercilessly pulled it out four inches!

Qing Shui clenched his teeth and still didn’t let out a violent roar. He held on and muffled hisses came out from between his teeth.

A few short breaths felt like an eternity for Wang Lin and Qing Shui. The memories that entered his mind almost drove him mad, but he didn’t let go. He slowly pulled the thorn out more and more.

In the end, the thorn that was stabbed into Qing Shui’s head was pulled out by Wang Lin. When the thorn was pulled out, blood flowed from Qing Shui’s mouth. He was freed from the mountain. He fell toward Wang Lin and Wang Lin caught him.

His head laid on Wang Lin’s shoulder. His body was so weak that Wang Lin almost couldn’t feel his weight. Wang Lin could only hear his faint words.

“Thanks…” After he said this, Qing Shui passed out.

“Senior Brother…” Wang Lin threw away the thorn in his hand and held Qing Shui. Tears flowed down from his eyes.

“Not bad; however, the last two thorns are much more difficult than the previous ones. Forget it, take this and leave.” The seven-colored figure waved his hand and the Dao Fruit flew toward Wang Lin.

“I said I was going gift this to you, so you can take it.”

Wang Lin held Qing Shui and accepted the Dao Fruit. He looked profoundly at the seven-colored figure as he put away the Dao Fruit. He took Qing Shui and flew toward the exit of the Seven-Colored Realm.

Wang Lin felt a powerful sense of dread toward the seven-colored figure. He didn’t know why the seven-colored figure had done all this. As he pondered, he stopped just before leaving and turned toward the seven-colored figure in the distance.

“Why?” Wang Lin’s voice was hoarse as he asked the question.

“He is just a game. If you want to save him, then just take him away. As for why… I want to see if spiritual cultivators can go through the wonderful change that little boy Zhan went through if they get lucky… Perhaps I can use this to find him…”

“What are you looking for?” Wang Lin frowned. He couldn’t really understand what this person was saying.

“If you can encounter it, you will know.” The seven-colored man smiled and waved his right hand. Wang Lin’s body retreated outside of his control.

Shock filled Wang Lin’s eyes as his body gradually left the Seven-Colored Realm.

As Wang Lin departed, he asked the last question, “Are you the Celestial Sovereign!?”

“I am and also not…” The faint voice choed. Wang Lin appeared inside the Brilliant Void Star System, then the rift to the Seven-Colored Realm slowly disappeared.

His body regained its freedom, but what had happened left a deep impression on him. He seemed to vaguely understand something, but it left him more confused.

“What is he looking for… If the ‘little Zhan’ cultivator he was talking about is Old Ghost Zhan, then what amazing change happened to Old Ghost Zhan...

“This change would allow the seven-colored person to find what he is looking for…” While silently pondering, Wang Lin retreated and looked at the Seven-Colored Realm that had disappeared.

“The matter with Qing Shui is only a game…” There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin’s eyes. He held Qing Shui and arrived at an abandoned planet near the Alliance Headquarters.

There were no cultivators or spiritual energy on this planet, only some beasts. However, for Wang Lin, this was the best place to remove the seal on Qing Shui.

Wang Lin sat inside a valley in this planet and placed the unconscious Qing Shui before him. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes in an attempt to suppress the intense rejection force inside his body. However, it was very difficult, and in the end he only softened the intense pain.

There were countless thorns buried in his flesh. Although they couldn’t be seen, the pain he felt with every breath he took would remind Wang Lin of their existence.

The cost of saving Qing Shui was very high.

However, even if Wang Lin could choose again, he would do it again without hesitation, even if it didn’t line up with his plan, even if this was very stupid.

The reason he had waited this many years to save Qing Shui was because with his cultivation level back then, he had no chance at all, so he wouldn’t be able to save Qing Shui.

However, with his current cultivation level, he had a chance to save Qing Shui. If he still waited until he had a better chance, waited until he became a third step cultivator, waited until he had enough strength, he wouldn’t know if Qing Shui was still alive….

Sometimes, if one calculated everything clearly, every possible gain or loss, that kind of person would never know what emotions were.

Even though he knew the danger, he still had to go! If it was Qing Shui, Wang Lin knew that with Qing Shui’s personality, Qing Shui would do the same. He would save Wang Lin!

This was enough.

It was a very simple reason and a very direct choice, but how many people could do this… Life was precious, but sometimes there were things more important than life.

However, very few people still believed this.

Wang Lin was not a gentleman or a ruthless cultivator. He was a person with flesh, blood, and emotions.
