Chapter 919 – Zhou Tian (2)

Thunderous rumbles echoed across the world. Bolts of thunder descended before Wang Lin, and those tens of thousands of illusory shadows all collapsed.

Zhou Tian's eyes flashed as his hands formed a seal and he pointed to between his eyebrows. Black lines appeared as he shouted, "Soul, kill!"

The moment he said those two words, a black pattern seemed to come out from his face. A black ring immediately appeared above his head and spread like crazy.

It spread too fast and closed in on Wang Lin's body in an instant. Wang Lin didn't even dodge, he closed in on Zhou Tian.

The moment the black ring touched Wang Lin's body, it turned into countless thin threads and entered Wang Lin's body. However. before they could get deep inside. they all shattered with one shake from Wang Lin.

Wang Lin's speed didn't slow down at all. He arrived before Zhou Tian and threw a punch.

Zhou Tian's expression changed as he slapped his bag of holding while he retreated. A ball of purple light appeared in his hand and he immediately crushed it. The purple light immediately surrounded Zhou Tian.

As popping sounds echoed, the purple light collapsed and Zhou Tian's body retreated even faster.

As Zhou Tian retreated, Wang Lin took a step and merged with the world. When Wang Lin reappeared, he was next to Zhou Tian, and he kicked with his right foot!

This kick was so fast that it set off a bang that seemed loud enough to shatter the stars. It landed on Zhou Tian's body in an instant.

Zhou Tian's body collapsed immediately after the bang. It turned into a mist of blood, but laughter came from the void. Purple shadows immediately rushed out from the void toward Wang Lin.

"I, Zhou Tian, will take this body!" As the feminine voice echoed, those purple shadows immediately entered Wang Lin's body like crazy and charged toward his origin soul.

However, just as these purple shadows got near Wang Lin's origin soul, Wang Lin's origin soul opened its eyes. The Ancient God Leather Armor gave off an ancient aura that fused with Wang Lin's origin soul. This formed an unimaginable backlash.

The moment the purple shadows charged in to take over the origin soul, they collided with this backlash. There were miserable screams. It was as if those shadows had met their natural enemy and wanted to leave Wang Lin's body.

However, just as they were about to charge out, Wang Lin's origin soul arrived. The ancient thunder dragon origin soul opened its mouth and inhaled. Some of the shadows weren't able to escape and were devoured by Wang Lin.

The Wang Lin was currently surrounded by purple gas, more purple gas was charging out and condensing into an illusionary figure 100 feet from him.

"Let's use you to test the power of my spell!" Wang Lin's right hand formed a seal and he calmly said, "Magic Arsenal!"

A sliver of celestial origin energy came out from Wang Lin's celestial core and gathered in his right hand. It formed an orb of golden light that Wang Lin threw out. It was as if golden specks had filled the world.

At this instant, the entire space itself trembled and the countless golden specks turned into illusory shadows!

This was the first time Wang Lin had used Magic Arsenal. All those shadows were people killed by Wang Lin. They couldn't enter the reincarnation cycle and were imprisoned in the 18 layers of hell.

Now that they appeared, an extremely powerful resentment aura filled the world. Every single person killed by Wang Lin was filled with heaven-shaking resentment.

Zhou Tian looked at everything before him. His mind trembled and shock filled his eyes!

Although those illusory figures couldn't pose a threat to Zhou Tian, a portion of them made him gasp.

There was a person who had a gloomy expression and was surrounded by black mist. The figure sometimes revealed itself and gave off a powerful sense of resentment. There was a powerful fluctuation coming from this person.

"Nirvana Scryer cultivator!" Zhou Tian's expression became gloomy after he looked around.

There were hundreds of celestial souls in the surroundings. The rich celestial spiritual energy and resentment combined could slaughter the heavens!

The moment Zhou Tian saw the celestials, disbelief filled his eyes and he cried, "These… These are souls of celestials!" He had spent his life learning the dao of soul, so he was able to recognize them at a glance.

There was also that Yao family soul that gave off rich killing intent.

"What kind of spell is this? It's too terrifying! It was able to imprison so many souls and didn't allow them to enter the reincarnation cycle. This is clearly a demonic spell!" This scene shocked Zhou Tian's mind and made his shock reach a peak! However, what happened after was what really made him lose his wits.

He heard a beast-like roar come from the countless shadows. All the shadows seemed to be extremely afraid of it and opened up a path.

A red mist charged out, and no shadow dared to block its path. As the red mist churned, it revealed one person!

This person looked middle-aged, he had a head of red hair, and his expression was ferocious. An indescribable sense of killing intent was spreading from his body as if he was going to reverse the heavens!

The moment this red-haired person appeared, Zhou Tian was startled for a moment. Then he felt an unimaginable amount of fear and terror that he had never felt before.

"Planet Tian Yun's Blood Ancestor!!" Zhou Tian's scalp went numb and he immediately retreated without any hesitation. He discarded any thought of killing Xu Mu. It was not that he didn't want to kill, but he couldn't!

Although he was at the mid stage of Nirvana Scryer, this Xu Mu was too strange. Due to his insight, he immediately knew that one had to kill the person themselves in order to imprison the soul for their own use.

And he also knew the Blood Ancestor, and due to this shock, his heart immediately became timid.

"Blood Ancestor is a Nirvana Cleanser cultivator, but he was killed by Xu Mu. I can't resist this person at all; I must escape!"

Wang Lin pointed at Zhou Tian and calmly said, "Pull this person into the 18 layers of hell!"

After he spoke, frenzied roars came out from the souls. In particular, the Blood Ancestor was surrounded by a monstrous red mist and immediately closed in on Zhou Tian.

Zhou Tian's face turned pale and he immediately retreated. However, at this moment, the Yao family member and the hundreds of celestials surrounded him. They completely sealed off Zhou Tian's path of retreat.

There were countless soul fragments surrounding the outer rim. They were all letting out waves of cries. Zhou Tian's eyes were almost filled with madness. He had spent his life learning the dao of souls, and at this moment, he let out a roar and his hands formed a seal. He pointed at his chest and his body immediately collapsed. Countless illusory shadows fled in all directions.

Since Zhou Tian's soul dao had almost reach completion, his body no longer existed. Even his origin soul had been fused with his soul. Only by doing this could he truly display his killing moves. Even if someone had a higher cultivation level than him, if they weren't careful, they would fall to his sneak attacks.

However, he complained in his heart. Originally, he want to possess Wang Lin, but due to the Ancient God Leather Armor, he was repelled and injured slightly. Normally, this wouldn't be an issue, but he didn't expect Wang Lin's origin soul to be so fierce and directly devour his soul.

As a result, he had to retreat, but just as he left Wang Lin's body and was about to use a spell, he saw a spell that made him lose his wits!

At this moment, his heart was anxious, and he split into countless pieces and wanted to flee. However, the Blood Ancestor grinned and was surrounded by blood mist. He along with the hundreds of celestials and the Yao family member charged out.

There were waves of miserable screams, and the Blood Ancestor seemed to become a primal beast as he grabbed a large amount of Zhou Tian's shadows and dragged them into the mist.

The surrounding hundreds of celestials did the same. In almost an instant, all of Zhou Tian's shadows were captured. None was able to escape.
