Chapter 933 – Qing Shui Arrives

As the Moongazer Serpent's roar echoed, the countless tentacles on its body fell off. Then the tentacles all gathered before the Moongazer Serpent. They intersected together and formed a huge arm!!

This arm was 100,000 feet long and formed a fist. From a distance, it looked like the arm of an ancient god!

The Moongazer Serpent's anger was like the finger of the ancient god! However, when the Moongazer Serpent's anger reached its limit, it would be like the arm of an ancient god!

The moment the ancient god arm appeared, it mercilessly charged forward. Its target was the Pseudo Nirvana Void arrow!

This punch made Wang Lin feel an illusion. He felt as if he had gone back countless years to ancient times when the ancient gods reversed the heavens!

He saw an ancient god waving his arm and roaring. The planet collapsed, space collapsed, and all his enemies disintegrated!

At this moment, the ancient god arm formed by the Moongazer Serpent was like this. The punch flew out and landed on the arrow. The arrow trembled and immediately collapsed!

Even a Pseudo Nirvana Void treasure had to shatter under the punch of an ancient god!

Esteemed Xuan Bao coughed out blood and retreated without hesitation. However, just at this moment, an extremely cold energy filled the stars. At the same time, a bolt of red lightning suddenly closed in.

This red lightning bolt was too fast and its timing was very good. It was exactly at the moment Esteemed Xuan Bao's mind trembled due to his treasure being destroyed!

The red lightning bolt contained extreme coldness, and it emitted the powerful force of Ji. It flashed forward the moment Esteemed Xuan Bao retreated.

Esteemed Xuan Bao didn't have time to dodge, so the red lightning charged into his body. His expression changed greatly, he coughed out a mouthful of blood, and his eyes went out of focus for a moment.

Just at this moment, Qing Shui walked out wearing white. He had an indifferent expression. When he appeared, there was a flash of red from his right eye and several more bolts of red lightning shot out toward Esteemed Xuan Bao!

The Ji Realm appeared!

"Ji Realm!!" A bang came from Esteemed Xuan Bao's body and then large amounts of blood spray out from his back. He quickly retreated, but the red lightning chased closely after him.

The moment Qing Shui appeared, his hand formed a seal and pointed up. In an instant, black wind appeared and formed seven black dragons. They let out roars and spewed out cold air that could extinguish all life as they rushed toward Esteemed Xuan Bao.

"Xuan Bao, do you still recognize this lord?" Qing Shui had long since arrived on the battlefield. No one beside Esteemed Xuan Bao was worthy enough to make him move!

"Qing Shui, you're not dead!!" Esteemed Xuan Bao quickly retreated, but his retreat was blocked by seven black dragons. Under the blast of cold air, Esteemed Xuan Bao clenched his teeth while forming a seal and pointed ahead.

The nine black butterflies around the Moongazer Serpent disappeared, and when they reappeared, they were next to Esteemed Xuan Bao.

"Nine butterflies, return to one!"

The nine butterflies flapped their wings at once and glowed black. In almost an instant, they fused into one!

When the nine rays of black light fused, an unimaginable changed occured. When the nine butterflies fused into one, it gave off a four-colored light!

As its wings flapped, four-colored powder fell and formed a four-colored vortex around Esteemed Xuan Bao. It immediately blocked the seven black dragons outside.

"If it was a magic treasure made by your senior brother, Esteemed Tian Bao, I, Qing Shui, would be a bit worried. However, you aren't qualified!" As Qing Shui's cold voice echoed, both of his hands formed a seal. As the seven black dragons roared, hundreds of thousands, close to one million, raindrops appeared.

These raindrops were densely packed, and they blasted toward Esteemed Xuan Bao, who was surrounded by the powder from the four-colored butterfly!

Popping sounds echoed and Esteemed Xuan Bao revealed a bitter smile. His identity was a mystery to others, but there was nothing he could hide from Qing Shui!

He was a celestial from the Rain Celestial Realm! He was also the junior brother of Esteemed Tian Bao, who created the God Slaying War Chariot!

"Qing Shui, don't push me too far! The Celestial Realm no longer exists, this is the Alliance Star System!" Esteemed Xuan Bao shouted as his arms opened. The celestial origin he had kept sealed for countless years was suddenly opened!

Endless celestial spiritual energy filled the area. It made the surrounding area feel like it was the Celestial Realm!

At the same time, his hand formed a seal and then pointed at the four-colored butterfly. The butterfly suddenly shook and one of its wings fell off like petal. In an instant, the wing turned into four different colors and formed four vortexes.

"Law of Nirvana Void!"

As Esteemed Xuan Bao spoke, the four vortexes formed by the wing suddenly exploded and tons of four-colored powder spread..

Qing Shui's Call the Wind and Summon the Rain were affected by the powder and immediately dissipated. There was no trace of any spell remaining!

All of it disappeared.

Esteemed Xuan Bao pointed forward without any hesitation and the other wing on the four-colored butterfly fell off. As the butterfly dissipated, the wing floated and another change occured!

All the spells that disappeared, including Qing Shui's Call the Wind and Summon the Rain, reappeared. However, this time they became Esteemed Xuan Bao's spells!

As he roared, his arm stretched out and immediately pushed Call the Wind and Summon the Rain back. One part was used to stop the Moongazer Serpent and the other was to attack Qing Shui.

Using this moment, Esteemed Xuan Bao quickly retreated. However, the red lightning chased closely after him, giving him a headache. If the Pseudo Nirvana Void Arrow was still there, he could've battled Qing Shui without fear!

Thinking about his Pseudo Nirvana Void Arrow, he felt a pain in his heart. He didn't expect this Moongazer Serpent to be so powerful; it was too different from the ones in the ancient records.

Otherwise, he wouldn't have come here. Not only did he not succeed, he also lost his only Pseudo Nirvana Void treasure. He could imagine how his status in the elder group would fall greatly as a result.

And now he had met the fiend Qing Shui from back then. Although he didn't know how Qing Shui didn't die, since he himself could survive until now, then this Qing Shui must've had some methods as well.

At this moment of crisis, he had no time to think about this. The only thought in his mind was to quickly escape!

When Wang Lin saw this scene, his mind trembled and his heart started beating rapidly.

Bang bang, bang bang.

All sounds were removed from his ears except for the beating of his heart. His brain had memorized the hand seal that Esteemed Xuan Bao used; he firmly remembered it!

"So this person is Esteemed Tian Bao's junior brother, and the four-colored butterfly was created by him, but it is not as strong as the one created by Esteemed Tian Bao! If I can just figure out his seal…" Wang Lin's heart beat even faster and his eyes remained unblinking.

The Call the Wind and Summon the Rain that were pushed back didn't stop Qing Shui at all. His eyes were cold as his right hand reached at the void and countless crystal specks appeared in his hand. Then they scattered forward!

Magic Arsenal!

Countless specks of light scattered and turned into countless shadows. Qing Shui's Magic Arsenal had appeared once. The countless figures gave off powerful auras, and in an instant, there were thousands of soldiers before Qing Shui!

With a point of Qing Shui's finger, the shadows all charged out toward the Call the Wind and Summon the Rain!

Esteemed Xuan Bao's pupils shrank and his heart felt bitter. Some of those shadows were his old friends. He let out a sigh as a flash of ferociousness appeared in his eyes and he shouted, "Qing Shui, I'll let you see what this old man has learned of the power of magic treasures!

"All the treasures in the world have a silver of source origin energy. This old man has studied this source origin energy for tens of thousands of years and has glimpsed the path!" Esteemed Xuan Bao's arms stretched open and each hand formed a different seal. A invisible ripple immediately spread from his body.

In the blink of an eye, the ripple covered tens of thousands of kilometers.

The treasures around the surviving cultivators all moved on their own and the expressions of those cultivators changed. The treasures even cut off their connections with their masters on their own.

This scene caused everyone to become dumbfounded.

There were also the countless treasures of cultivators that had died. All these treasures began to gather toward Esteemed Xuan Bao.

It was as if Esteemed Xuan Bao was the owner of all magic treasures and all magic treasures had to respond to his summon. However, what really made the minds of the cultivators and Wang Lin tremble was their bags of holding!

Bags of holding were also considered treasures!

At this instant, everyone's bags of holding flew out. During this process, the bags opened up by themselves and the treasures inside flew out!

Wang Lin's bag of holding was the same. His expression changed as his right hand reached out and grabbed his bag. However, at this moment, there was a mysterious force around his bag, and the moment he touched it, he felt a burning heat enter his body. If he didn't let go, his origin soul would immediately be destroyed!

Many surrounding cultivators also grabbed their bags. However, after a moment, they all bitterly let go and watched their bags of holding fly away.

The objects inside Wang Lin's bag of holding were too valuable, so he couldn't let go. At the moment of crisis, he open his third eye without hesitation and the red light landed on his bag.

A sliver of source origin came out and dissipated the strange force on his bag. Wang Lin's face became pale as he let out a breath of relief and he held tightly onto his bag of holding.
