Chapter 937 – Earth Prison

While controlling the flying sword, a thought flash through Wang Lin's head. "I need to find a way to make these old monster to consume their origin energy faster! Also, to leave a way out for myself!"

Without hesitation, he slapped his bag of holding and more than 10 flying swords flew out. He obtained all of them from the war earlier. His hands formed a seal and he constantly compressed origin energy into them. If any of the flying swords exploded, they would cause a good amount of damage.

A flash of coldness appeared in Wang Lin's eyes as he waved his hand and the flying swords all spread out. They flew like lightning toward all the Moongazer Serpent's sensitive spots that Wang Lin knew.

"This way, I can cause some changes inside the Moongazer Serpent's body!"

This was something only Wang Lin could do. If it was anyone else, they simply wouldn't know enough about the Moongazer Serpent. Much less know the sensitive spot of the Moongazer Serpent to prepare a backup.

As for the sword with Wang Lin's divine sense, when it got close to the vortex, a surge of origin energy suddenly jumped out from inside the vortex.

Wang Lin's expression changed and his divine sense left the flying sword without hesitation in an attempt to avoid it. However, this surge was too strong; it was like a flood that immediately affected the flying sword.

The tip of the sword collapsed inch by inch, extending to the hilt. However, Wang Lin's divine sense reacted even faster; it left the collapsing sword and dodged.

Although this was the case, his divine sense was still touched by this origin energy, so a large chunk of it dissipated.

Wang Lin's face turned red and he sat down near the Moongazer Serpent's bone. It took a while for him to recover.

"What a strong origin energy surge. If it wasn't for the fact it came back out through the vortex, none of my divine sense would've remained!" There was a flash of coldness in Wang Lin's eyes. He knew that the origin energy that surged out was mere fallout.

More importantly, the vortex had a powerful suction force, which was part of the Moongazer Serpent's own spells. If the force inside wanted to come out, it would be hindered multiple times by the vortex. Even if any origin energy did break out, it would have been weakened considerably.

Slapping his bag of holding, Wang Lin took out another sword, and his divine sense surrounded it. The flying sword turn into a ray of light and flew ahead.

A moment later, he arrived next to the vortex once more. The flying sword paused for a moment, and after determining there was no more origin energy fluctuations, it flew into the vortex.

Thanks to the powerful suction force, it took Wang Lin almost no effort to go inside. Not long after, the flying sword appeared in the tunnel Wang Lin was familiar with!

The moment he entered, a shockwave powerful enough to make Wang Lin lose his wits swept through this narrow passage as if it wanted to destroy everything.

Many of the tentacles in the tunnel collapsed under this storm. And a lot of the corpses turned to dust and dissipated.

The sword with Wang Lin's divine sense entered like a thorn and stayed closed to the flesh wall. The moment one of the tentacles collapsed, creating an opening in the flesh wall, the sword immediately entered.

Only by doing this was he able to barely avoid the shockwave that stormed by.

There were two figures crossing each other's paths, and there were various flashes of spells. It was Qing Shui and the golden dragon fighting each other.

It was unknown what had happened before. Esteemed Xuan Bao's origin soul was no longer with the golden dragon. Instead, it was surrounded by 10 tentacles, with its eyes closed and looking extremely weak.

A large amount of celestial origin energy was being absorbed by the tentacles. The tentacles were very active, moving and wiggling around a lot more than usual. Anyone who saw this would be shocked.

Even farther away, there were large amounts of bubbles around Yi Muzi. Wudo Chan had caught up to him, and they were tangled in a battle.

However, after seeing all of this, Wang Lin frowned.

This tunnel was only half the length it was before, and he could see the end with a glance. The passage to the child ancient god was completely sealed!

Wang Lin remained quiet as he hid himself and carefully watched the battle.

As the gold dragon roared, it circled around Esteemed Xuan Bao. The five yellow talismans circled closely around the dragon's head. Qing Shui stood before it with an indifferent expression. His eyes flashed red and the red light turned into bolts of red lightning. The red lightning shot toward the golden dragon!

As the golden dragon roared, the scales on its body flashed. An ancient aura came out from the its roar that said, "Ruined metal!"

The moment he spoke, the golden dragon trembled and hundreds of scales flew off its body and gathered. In the blink of an eye, a golden scale sword appeared!

This sword gave off waves of powerful pressure and the aura of a real dragon. It rushed out toward Qing Shui.

Qing Shui's eyes were still cold, and the red lightning bolt from before become as thick as an arm and shot toward the golden scale sword. In an instant, the red lightning and the golden scale sword collided.

A heaven-shaking explosion echoed through the Moongazer Serpent and a storm swept through the narrow tunnel. At this moment, this narrow tunnel was widened by force. Gaps appeared on the flesh wall and green blood dripped out!

The golden dragon let out a miserable roar and was forced to retreat under this impact. But it coiled around Esteemed Xuan Bao like a python and still protected him.

As a result, its body began to break due to the impact and golden blood sprayed out.

Qing Shui also retreated. Just at this moment, muffled roars came from inside the Moongazer Serpent's body. This roar came from the Moongazer Serpent itself!

As it roared, the tunnel began to shake violently and a giant crack appeared above the tunnel. Large amounts of green blood flowed out and an endless evil aura came through. The roar became even more intense, and it looked as if something wanted to charge out from that crack.

Qing Shui's eyes lit up. He stopped his retreat and charged forward. As his long hair flowed in the wind, his hands formed a seal and he shouted, "Slaughter Realm!"

The moment he spoke, his hair scattered on its own and a ray of red light appeared under his feet and began to spread. The Slaughter Realm was a spell Qing Shui made himself.

The red light under his feet was dazzling, and when it shined on the golden dragon, it almost made dragon look like it was a different color.

As Qing Shui closed in, countless soul fragments came out from the red light. There were too many soul fragments; this was the extreme display of Qing Shui's slaughter.

The golden dragon roared at Qing Shui. The five talismans above its head rotated rapidly and a roar came out of its mouth.

"Ruined metal, punishment wood, tribute water, poison fire, buried earth. Five elemental reversal!"

The moment the golden dragon roared, the five talismans around its head stopped rotating. They fell one by one and imprinted on its head like brands.

An extremely powerful aura exploded from the golden dragon. Then it looked at the rapidly approaching Qing Shui and opened its mouth to spit out five rays of light. As the five elements reversed, the five rays of light turned into irresolute metal, punishment wood, flow tribute water, vanishing poison fire, and celestial burying earth!

When the five elements reversed, it seemed like the area became isolated and became its own world! Even Yi Muzi and Wudo Chan. who were battling in the distance. retreated and looked over.

Coldness flashed through Qing Shui's eyes. The Slaughter Realm under his feet moved as he raised his hand and pressed down. He softly said, "Earth Prison!"

Celestial Emperor Bai Fan's six spells were Qing Shui's fundamentals. However, he was extremely talented and had created his own celestial spells. They were all based on his Slaughter Realm, to open another universe and turn the earth into a prison!

Everywhere it passed would become a prison for the heart!

No matter how shocking your spell was, you couldn't escape the word prison, The moment Qing Shui pointed, a powerful force of law appeared. This was the prison law!

In an instant, with Qing Shui as the center, everything was covered by an invisible sealing force. Even the reversing five elements were trapped.

Qing Shui moved like lightning and arrived next to the golden dragon. His hand reached out and grabbed the origin soul of Esteemed Xuan Bao that was wrapped within the golden dragon.

With a shake of his hand, the countless tentacles around Esteem Xuan Bao shattered and large amounts of green blood splattered everywhere.

Esteemed Xuan Bao's closed eyes suddenly opened and became filled with fear. However, no matter how hard he struggled, he couldn't escape Qing Shui's iron claw-like hand!

Holding Esteemed Xuan Bao, Qing Shui was about to leave when an evil aura suddenly came out from the crack above. It took the shape of a blood red arm and directly smashed into Qing Shui's body.

On top of the dense, evil aura, it also contained the aura of the Moongazer Serpent.

This arm was too fast, and it contained the power to break all spells. It instantly landed on Qing Shui's body and caused him to tremble. Even with Qing Shui's cultivation, he couldn't withstand it and was knocked back, coughing out a large mouthful of blood.

At the same time, the arm grabbed Esteemed Xuan Bao's origin soul and pulled it back. It was about to go back inside the crack.

At this instant, Qing Shui's still indifferent eyes suddenly filled with madness. Esteemed Xuan Bao was his only clue about what happened to the Celestial Realm. However, now that it was taken by someone else, this made Qing Shui go crazy.

It has to be said that not even Bai Fan would dare to anger Qing Shui. Instead, he accepted Qing Shui as his disciple and made Qing Shui owe him. Not even the mysterious person that Master Flamespark respected so much wanted to provoke Qing Shui.

However, Qing Shui's anger exploded when Esteemed Xuan Bao was taken!
