Chapter 946 – The Child Who Pointed at the Apricot Flower Village

There was a bright nebula among the vastness of space. This colorful nebula looked static, but it was undergoing a change unseen to the eye.

This nebula was filled with different colors and was very beautiful.

On this day, a ray of light flew through the nebula. This ray of light wasn't fast, but when it passed through the nebula, it made it look as if the nebula was boiling and retreating.

What was more astonishing was that the person inside the ray of light wasn't using a treasure like the Star Compass, he was moving with his body.

This person wore a green robe and looked about 30 years old. His appearance was ordinary and there was nothing unusual about him. If there was anything notable, it was that he gave off an ancient temperament.

It was as if this person had lived for tens of thousands of years.

Wang Lin walked the entire way. He didn't use Spatial Bending, he just calmly walked among the stars.

It had been four days since he returned from the void.

Four days ago, he and Qing Shui opened up the passage back from the void with the help of Master Flamespark. Wang Lin didn't mention much about what happened in the void. He didn't go too deeply into the whereabouts of Yi Muzi, Wudo Chan, and the Moongazer Serpent.

Master Flamespark didn't ask too much about it, but when they talked about the Moongaze Serpent, he frowned.

Wang Lin didn't linger too long with Master Flamespark. He decided to leave using a private matter as an excuse. Master Flamespark silently pondered for a long time and didn't force Wang Lin to stay. Although he couldn't see through Wang Lin's ancient god body even though his cultivation level was much higher, he could feel a powerful aura that shocked him greatly coming from Wang Lin.

Although this aura was fearsome now, with time, it would grow to an extremely terrifying degree.

The seal on Qing Shui's cultivation quickly undid itself once he returned. After all, his celestial origin energy didn't really disappear, it was merely suppressed by the seal.

After recovering his cultivation, Qing Shui didn't stay where Master Flamespark was. He disappeared among the stars, his whereabouts unknown.

On the surface, when the two left, it looked like they didn't interact at all, but Wang Lin knew Qing Shui would come and find him. After all, Qing Shui hadn't searched Esteemed Xuan Bao's memories yet.

Thinking about what happened in the void, Wang Lin felt very regrettable about it all. Whether it was Lou Chen's life, the waves outside the seal, or the secrets of the Celestial Realm, they were all fresh in Wang Lin's mind.

What shocked him the most was the heaven defying bead!

Wang Lin would never have guessed that the heaven defying bead would unexpectedly trigger a great war between the four Celestial Realms!

"The great war between the four Celestial Realms was certainly more fierce than the battle between Allheaven and the Alliance…" Wang Lin let out a sigh as he went through the nebula and looked ahead. At some point, he turned around and remained unmoving.

A moment later, ripples spread from where he was looking and Qing Shui walked out. He looked at Wang Lin with admiration in his eyes.

Wang Lin's expression was calm as he smiled. "Senior Brother came."

"The current you is qualified to travel the stars, so I can relax." Qing Shui took a step and arrived next to Wang Lin.

Wang Lin immediately noticed a powerful smell of blood from Qing Shui's body. He could vaguely feel that Qing Shui's cultivation was several times stronger than several days ago!

"On the way, I heard a few people talking about your name, so I went and kill some Alliance cultivators who were good at hiding!" Although Qing Shui spoke like it was nothing, Wang Lin could tell that this was absolutely not a small matter!

The truth was certainly as he explained. The Slaughter Realm of the Alliance had kept up their pursuit of Thunder Celestial Xu Mu. Although Wang Lin had gone into the void, they didn't give up and stayed around. However, they didn't scatter but divided into two teams near where the Allheaven cultivators were.

However, this Slaughter Realm had terrible luck and one of its groups was confronted by Qing Shui. All of them were killed and even the leader was devoured by Qing shui.

Wang Lin slapped his bag of holding and Esteemed Xuan Bao's origin soul flew out. He threw it at Qing Shui.

Qing Shui caught it and placed his right hand between Esteemed Xuan Bao's eyebrows. Celestial origin energy surged into Qing Shui's right hand and Esteemed Xuan Bao awakened. Burst of miserable screams echoed and his origin soul convulsed.

Qing Shui's expression was gloomy and his eyes were closed. After a long time, he opened his eyes, and there was a layer of frost over his face. He threw Esteemed Xuan Bao's origin soul back at Wang Lin.

Wang Lin didn't speak and caught Esteemed Xuan Bao's origin soul. This origin soul had lost its consciousness and had become nothing but a source of celestial origin energy.

The former dignified celestial, the junior brother of the Esteemed Tian Bao, ended up like this. It could only be said that whether you were a celestial or a cultivator, if you were a bit careless, you could end up in this state. If you wished to be different, then you had to become the strongest.

Wang Lin put this origin soul into his bag of holding and looked at Qing Shui. Qing Shui's expression had returned back to normal, but there was a hint of fierceness in it. He had found a sliver of a clue from Esteemed Xuan Bao's origin soul!

Qing Shui looked at Wang Lin and slowly said, "Xu Mu, I need to go the Alliance's Slaughter Realm to pick up an item. Are you willing to go with me?"

Wang Lin pondered a bit and said, "Can Senior Brother wait for me for 10 days?"

Qing Shui nodded and said, "OK, I'll come looking for you in 10 days!" Qing Shui didn't waste time. He took a step and disappeared into the void. The moment he disappeared, a monstrous killing intent disappeared instantly!

Wang Lin let out a sigh. He knew that Qing Shui must have found someone within Esteemed Xuan Bao's origin soul. After pondering for a bit, he took a step and ripples appeared under his feet; he merged with the world.

The reason he asked for 10 days was because there were two matters he had at attend to!

There was a cultivation planet in the northern region of the Alliance. This planet was in the depths of the northern region and was far away from the battle several days ago, so it wasn't affected by the big battle. This planet was filled with spiritual energy and covered with endless forests.

This was a rank 7 cultivation planet!

There were three smaller cultivation planets around this planet, making them the secondary planets.

This rank 7 cultivation planet had a very beautiful name, it was called Dark Moon.

A majority of planet Dark Moon was covered in forests and large amounts of mortal villages were scattered across the planet. There were also many cultivation sects within its numerous mountains.

There was a famous mountain in the southern part of the planet, and it was called Heaven Mountain. This mountain was very fall and the top was covered in mist. No one knew where the peak was.

A small path of stone steps led up the mountain and the rest was hidden within the clouds. One couldn't help but feel like this place was the Celestial Realm.

Every morning, the sound of bells would echo from the peak of the mountain. A few beautiful birds would fly out among the clouds and wander Heaven Mountain. Their cries would intersect with the sound of the bells.

This scene was like a scene from a painting. It was extremely elegant, like a hidden paradise.

Dong… Dong… Dong… The sound of the bell seemed to pierce the clouds as it spread out from the peak. It make the heart of anyone who heard it feel peaceful.

There was a mortal village at the foot of mountain. There weren't many people there, only about 100 families. The village was filled with apricot trees, and the trees were in full bloom. A gust of wind would cause the fragrance of the apricot flowers to spread.

Smelling the fragrance of the apricot flowers would make one feel calm.

The sound of the bells seemed to blow away the coldness of night in the early morning. Burst of smoke and the sound of dogs barking appeared.

As the smoke floated into the air as if it removed the last sliver of darkness of night. Looking at this from away it was like a moving picture and contained its own domain.

Wang Lin silently stood in the distance and looked at the village ahead.

The smoke and the swaying apricot trees were dynamic and the almost 100 house were static. The dynamic and static things contrasted each other, like the leisurely and busy lives. This inadvertent combination made Wang Lin feel familiar and yet unfamiliar at the same time.

What he recalled was not the village before him but his childhood back on planet Suzaku.

In a fragments of nursery rhyme came from the distances as the found of the bell ringing echoed in the morning.

"The apricot tree blooms white flowers. The daughter won't be taken by a daoist family. Last year, Lang the Second went up the mountain, and a year later Lang the First was a bag of bones. The cry of the daughter accompanies the dead but takes the coffin as family… The apricot tree blooms white flowers and children shouldn't be taken by daoists. If asked about my age, I still don't have found my dao. The dog barks, the cat scratches, scaring the daoist back home."

The voice of a tender child entered Wang Lin's ears along with the sound of a crisp bell ringing. It was a child dressed in close-fitting clothes riding on an ox walking toward the village.

There was an iron hoop through the ox's nose with two bells attached. As the ox walked, the bells would ring unceasingly. There were several calves following the ox.

The child saw Wang Lin but wasn't afraid as he continued to sing the nursery rhyme and gradually approached Wang Lin. The child tilted his head and his big eyes blinked as he said, "Uncle, why are you here? Are you lost?"

Wang Lin revealed a smile and nodded. "What is this place?"

The child pointed ahead and said his tender voice, "This is the Apricot Flower Village!" As he spoke, he sat on the ox and walked into the village. Only the nursery rhyme continued to echo...

Wang Lin let out a sigh. When the nursery rhyme entered his ears, a hint of sadness arose within him. He muttered, "Planet Dark Moon, a village under Heaven Mountain… This should be it."

That vague call from a dying friend who was homesick echoed in Wang Lin's years.

"Please take my ashes back to planet Dark Moon in the Alliance Star System. There is a mountain call Heaven Mountain. I remember that there was a village under the mountain. Please take my ashes there…"[1]

1. Old corpse sect guy
