Chapter 950 – Slaughter Realm

The Cultivation Alliance had two sects, four temples, and eight realms. The Slaughter Realm created their own world as their base. Countless years ago, the founder of the Slaughter Realm took over a crack left over from the collapsed Rain Celestial Realm. He also gathered lot of heavenly metal to create the 99 Heaven Raising Swords!

These 99 Heaven Raising Swords became buildings unique to the Slaughter Realm.

In the Cultivation Alliance, the Slaughter Domain's name was illustrious, and over the tens of thousands of years, it had completed countless exploits for the Cultivation Alliance. Whether it was the first battle against the Four Divine Sect or the later exchanges with the Corpse Sect, all of those conflicts had the shadow of the Slaughter Realm.

Not many rank 6 cultivation countries had heard of the Slaughter Realm, but once they reached rank 7, the Slaughter Realm would be a well-known name!

On a rank 7 cultivation planet, once a person's cultivation reached a certain level, they wouldn't be willing to leave their soul under another's control. The series of events caused by this sentiment were all dealt with by the Slaughter Realm. The bloodbath caused by these matters gave them a vicious reputation!

Of course, there were many cultivators that the Slaughter Realm couldn't deal with. These were dealt with by other forces within the Cultivation Alliance.

The Slaughter Realm could be said to be the Alliance's blade. Those recruited by the Slaughter Realm were people who had spent their lives in slaughter!

Over tens of thousands of years, the Slaughter Realm maintained a core of 99 cultivators. If anyone died, they would immediately be replenished. Aside from these 99 cultivators, there were also the outer disciples. There were many outer disciples, and they were led by these 99 cultivators.

Aside from these 99, there were also the Realm Master and the Vice Realm Master!

It could be said that the Slaughter Realm was a cultivation sect, but they were far more powerful than most cultivation sects. Not many people were willing to provoke the Slaughter Realm in the Alliance!

Even some powerful cultivators would feel headaches when it came to the Slaughter Realm. Not only were these people vicious, they were also very good at stealth. If they failed their mission, they could immediately retreat and hide all traces of themselves.

From the birth of the Slaughter Realm, there had never been someone who slaughtered their way to their home base. If there were, then what Wang Lin did barely counted.

However, all of this changed when Qing Shui's cold voice echoed!

Many of the sword-like buildings collapsed. Countless iron chains fell off and turned into a storm that swept the Slaughter Realm.

Bursts of roars came out, and in an instant, countless shadows flew out from the storm. These cultivators were all dressed in black and were of varying ages. Their cultivation levels varied from Illusory Yin to mid stage Nirvana Scryer. Most of them were at the Yin and Yang stage, very few at Nirvana Scryer.

"Xu Mu, can you help me with these minions?" With a step, Qing Shui stepped past the black-robed cultivators. His voice was like a blast of cold air.

With Wang Lin's cunning, he naturally understood Qing Shui was sending him a great fortune. Although there were many cultivators, he had the body of an ancient god, so it wouldn't be difficult to kill them!

"Senior Brother can be at ease!" As Wang Lin spoke, he took a step out and suddenly threw a punch!

There was a heaven-shaking bang and a sonic boom appeared before Wang Lin. The void shattered and the cracks swept forward.

The endless storm formed by Wang Lin's punch condensed into one point and rushed out. Even a peak late stage Nirvana Scryer cultivator's expression would change when facing it. If they were a bit late in dodging, they would be killed instantly!

Before Wang Lin were several Illusory Yin cultivators who had spent their lives in slaughter. Just as they approached, their expressions were changed by Wang Lin's punch. Popping sounds echoed within their bodies and large amounts of blood gushed out from their bodies. The person in front pf Wang Lin wasn't able to resist at all and his body collapsed.

As his body splattered, the surrounding cultivators were filled with shock and fear. They wanted to escape, but at this moment, they clearly felt that a mysterious force had locked down the surroundings, so they couldn't escape at all.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang. All of these cultivators' bodies collapsed and their origin souls flew out and were caught by Wang Lin.

All of this happened in an instant; it was unbelievably fast. All of the surrounding Slaughter Realm cultivators were shaken!

"Xu Mu!!"

"He is Allheaven's Thunder Celestial Xu Mu!" Someone immediately recognized Wang Lin's identity.

Wang Lin's face was cold. There were about 100 cultivators before him. Although there were many of them, he considered none of them a threat! If it was before, it would be impossible for Wang Lin to face these cultivators. However, now that he had become a 5-star royal ancient god, everything was different!

Wang Lin took a step, ripples appeared under his feet, and he disappeared.

"Spatial Bending!!!" An early stage Nirvana Scryer cultivator's eyes opened wide. Shock and aghast filled his eyes and his scalp went numb. He was about to lose his wits, and he retreated without hesitation.

"He actually knows Spatial Bending. No matter how many people my Slaughter Realm has, it will be extremely difficult to hurt him!"

Wang Lin's figure disappeared. When reappeared, he was behind an Illusory Yin cultivator. After he appeared, it looked like his fist slightly punched forward and landed on the cultivator's back.

That person didn't even have the qualifications to dodge or detect this punch. He trembled and popping sounds echoed from his body. A powerful force rushed into his body, causing his bones to shatter inch by inch. Then his body exploded with a bang.

After grabbing this person's origin soul, Wang Lin's figure disappeared.

A mid stage Nirvana Scryer cultivator's eyes were red and he shouted, "Form a formation!!" However, just as he shouted, his expression changed. He suddenly turned, opened his mouth, and spat out a ray of red light.

There was a long sword inside the red light, and it released a whistle when it shot forward. There were thousands of soul fragments coming from the sword. The mournful cries of the souls made the flying sword reach a peak!

"This sword is very good!" A cold voice came from all directions. Wang Lin stepped out from the void before the mid stage Nirvana Scryer cultivator. His hand reached out and instantly grew into the arm of an ancient god. He grabbed the flying sword and pulled it back.

The mid stage Nirvana Scryer cultivator let out a muffled groan and his face became pale. This flying sword was his life treasure, and now that Wang Lin had cut off his connection to it, he was seriously injured.

However, he felt a sense of panic that overrode all of this.

"To be able to so easily take my life treasure. This person… What exactly is his cultivation level!?!" This mid stage Nirvana Scryer cultivator was famous even in the Slaughter Realm. His prestige was even higher than that of Killer Yu Fei.

However, at this moment, he was truly terrified, especially when he remembered how Yu Fei had escaped back to the Slaughter Realm but was still killed by a giant hand that came through the vortex. Recalling this made his scalp go numb.

Without hesitation, he quickly retreated and slapped his bag of holding. A large amount of jades flew out and he shouted, "Explode!"

These jades all exploded, forming a powerful impact.

All of this happened in a flash. After taking the flying sword, Wang Lin charged out without hesitation. The explosion of all those jades had no effect on him. The mid stage Nirvana Scryer cultivator was completely shocked when Wang Lin approached him. Wang Lin's two fingers formed a sword and he pressed it down between the mid stage Nirvana Scryer cultivator's eyebrows.

With a bang, this famous mid stage Nirvana Scryer cultivator's body collapsed. His origin soul was forced by out by Wang Lin, and before he could escape, he was caught by Wang Lin.

At this instant, Wang Lin finally felt his own change. It wasn't that a mid stage Nirvana Scryer cultivator was too weak, it was just that he had grown strong enough to stand among the powerful!

As for Qing Shui, as he laughed, he charged toward the tower at the center of the Slaughter Realm.

As he closed in, the black-robed old man sitting inside the tower suddenly opened his eyes and revealed a gloomy expression. As the Vice Realm Master of the Slaughter Realm, he couldn't help but tremble. Without hesitation, his body divided into two identical black-robed old men. One of them waved his right hand and a crack appeared in the void.

There were countless small vortexes that emitted hissing sounds around the edge of this crack.

After ripping open the crack, one of them stepped into it. The other let out a cold snort as he turned into a gust of black wind and charged out of the tower.

The black wind flew out extremely fast, and the black-robed old man appeared before Qing Shui with a gloomy expression. He shouted, "Sir, you are pushing us too far!"

There was a flash of coldness in Qing Shui's eyes. His right hand formed a seal, and without hesitation, he waved his hand. Eight black dragons suddenly appeared and charged at the old man.

At the same time, Qing Shui's body flickered and arrived next to the tower. His hands formed a seal as he pushed them out and calmly said, "Heaven and Earth Ice Seal!"

In an instant, Qing Shui's celestial origin activated and a powerful chill spread out from his body. Countless drops of rain appeared and immediately turn into ice crystals.

Popping sounds echoed as all the ice crystals collapsed and a ray of blue light shot out. This blue light swept through the Slaughter Realm. It was as if the world had changed colors, and the entire Slaughter Realm turned blue. It was as if all the passages connecting to the Slaughter Realm had been sealed.

Qing Shui walked out from the blue light, and with a point of his right hand, the tower collapsed into dust. Inside it was a crack, and inside the crack was a black-robed old man.

Half of this old man's body had entered the void, but at this moment, he was struggling against a large amount of blue light. However, now matter how hard he struggled, he couldn't leave through the crack.

Qing Shui closed in and his right hand reached out. He immediately pulled the old man out from the crack.

Just as Qing Shui pulled the old man out, there was a flash of coldness in his eyes. He immediately jumped up and pulled the old man to block his back.
