Chapter 953 – Hairpin

This purple body was the Slaughter Realm's Realm Master!

His face was pale, blood was coming out of the corner of his mouth, and his eyes were filled with sock.

A ray of red light descended from the purple mist. It was too fast, but it didn't charge at the purpled-haired man. Unexpectedly, it went after Master Devil God!

Master Devil God's expression changed greatly and he wanted to dodge. However, before Qing Shui's Ji Realm, he had no qualification to dodge. The Ji Realm directly pierced through his chest.

The old man's eyes immediately became dim and his body collapsed. It could be said that he died the most clean death among the Nirvana Cleanser cultivators. When he died, endless melancholy surrounded him.

The red lightning didn't stop after it pierced through the old man's body; it swept through the area. There were only sounds of explosions as the bodies of most of the surrounding cultivators collapsed!

This was the power of Qing Shui's Ji Realm!

Wang Lin had already prepared to open his third eye and use source origin energy to face Master Devil God's approach. However, with Qing Shui's help, he was able to immediately charge after Master Empty Fantasy.

The purple mist churned in the sky and quickly contracted into a fist-sized ball that floated into Qing Shui's hand. There was also a carved purple hairpin in his other hand.

Qing Shui's gaze toward the hairpin contained a hint of gentleness. However, when he looked at the cultivators of the Slaughter Realm, that gentleness disappeared. Instead, his eyes were filled with indifference as he walked down.

"A place that I, Qing Shui, want to slaughter would never have any survivors!"

The purple-haired man's face was deathly pale, and without hesitation, his right hand formed a seal. He pointed at the void and then his entire arm collapsed into a pile of flesh. The flesh rotated rapidly and forced open a crack. He was going to enter the crack as quickly as possible.

"All of you deserve to die for using the item I left my deceased wife as a treasure!" With that, Qing Shui pointed with his finger!

With this point of his finger, a gloomy voice came from Qing Shui's mouth.

"Celestial spell, Mountain Crumble!"

After he spoke, the Slaughter Realm trembled and six large mountains appeared out of nowhere. Each of the mountains were 20,000 feet tall, and at the moment they appeared, they gave off a powerful pressure.

The moment Qing Shui spoke, the six mountains flashed and fused into one. They became one mountain that was indistinguishable from a real mountain!

The mountain began to tremble and black smoke came out from its highest point. As the black smoke filled the sky, a dark red flame burst out from the peak.

The temperature of the flame could destroy all life. It sprayed out with large pieces of rock that mercilessly smashed down from the sky.

The earth shook as if it was armageddon.

Layers of dust filled with poison covered the world. It made the entire world look like it had turned into ruins.

Waves of magma came out from the peak of the mountain. The Slaughter Realm was immediately filled with endless heat and a destructive aura.

This magma contained the power to destroy anything in the world!

The cultivators in the Slaughter Realm whose cultivation was lacking were affected by the poisonous dust. They screamed as their bodies withered and disappeared into the void.

Some of them struggled within the magma. However, the temperature of the magma was too high. Even when they used spells and treasures, it would be difficult for them to escape!

The crack the purple-haired man had opened immediately collapsed thanks to this spell. He retreated with a pale face. He was at the early stage of Nirvana Shatterer and had used the broken Pseudo Nirvana Void treasure, yet he was no match for Qing Shui. At this moment, he only had one thought, and that was to quickly escape!

"Unfortunately, I'm the only Nirvana Shatterer cultivator in the Slaughter Realm and most of the Nirvana Cleanser cultivators are at Alliance headquarters. Otherwise, with enough help, I could use the 99 sword formation. However, I fear that not even the 99 sword formation could withstand this spell!"

As for Master Empty Fantasy, his face turned pale and he gave up on fighting Wang Lin. Seeing Wang Lin chasing him, he cursed and threw the nine swords away. He knew that Wang Lin was interested in the nine swords and wanted to use them to distract him.

Wang Lin's eyes lit up and he gave up on pursuing. His right hand reached out and immediately grabbed the nine swords. The nine swords began to struggle violently.

Qing Shui's eyes revealed monstrous killing intent as he stretched out his hands and pushed up while shouting, "Mountain, first crumble!"

The moment Qing Shui spoke, the flames that spew out and the magma that flowed out began to tremble and shot into the sky.

During this process, they suddenly collapsed and formed an unimaginable shockwave that spread across the Slaughter Realm. More than 10 cultivators were hit by the flames and magma. They weren't able to resist and got turned into ashes.

Qing Shui shouted once more, "Second crumble!"

The entire Slaughter Realm trembled and the large peak suddenly crumbled. Endless magma and flames immediately gushed out.

"Third crumble!" Qing Shui's hand formed a seal and pointed at the distant mountain!

At this instant, this mountain truly collapsed, and countless pieces of gravel scattered and flames swept the sky. In the blink of an eye, there was no sky, only flame!

As the mountain collapsed, endless magma flow out like the sea and occupied all the land in an instant!

The sky was filled with endless flames. The earth was covered in maga. In between was a dense poison mist!

Miserable screams echoed. In a short period of time, everyone other than the purple-haired man and Master Empty Fantasy died!

Even Master Empty Fantasy's origin energy dissipated and the aghast in his eyes became intense.

The purple-haired man wryly smiled. He gave up on resisting and looked at Qing Shui with a complex gaze. He knew that Qing Shui didn't want to kill them yet; otherwise, he would have died inside the purple mist.

All the buildings in the Slaughter Realm melted and not a trace of them remained!

Wang Lin stared dumbfoundedly at all of this. He could never have imagined that this Mountain Crumble contained such power!

"This is the celestial spell… Mountains Crumble!"

Qing Shui waved his sleeves and 88 rays of silver light flew out from the magma on the ground. His hand reached out and the 88 rays of silver light were merged into one. He threw it at Wang Lin.

"Since you like it, then I'll gift it to you!"

Wang Lin grabbed the silver ball and put it inside his bag.

Qing Shui flickered as he turned into black wind and grabbed Master Empty Fantasy and the purple-haired cultivator. Then he mercilessly took a step and the Slaughter Realm began its final collapse.

The Slaughter Realm was originally built in a spatial crack within the Rain Celestial Realm. Now that the space had collapsed, the Slaughter Realm was devoured by the void.

A large vortex immediately appeared under Qing Shui's feet. His body sank into the vortex. He nodded at Wang Lin and slowly said, "I still have other things to do. Xu Mu, after we separate today, it will be unknown when we will meet again. You… Take care of yourself!" With that, he sank into the vortex and disappeared with Master Empty Fantasy and the purpled-haired cultivator.

Wang Lin silently pondered as he stepped into the vortex as well and left this collapsing Slaughter Realm!

Wang Lin's figure appeared among the stars. He let out a sigh and looked back. After a long time, Wang Lin's body flickered and he merged with the world, moving toward planet Tian Yun.

In the distance, Qing Shui calmly moved forward. Behind him, Master Empty Fantasy and the purple-haired cultivator followed him with depressed looks. An mark unique to the Celestial Realm flashed between their eyebrows, the slave mark!

Qing Shui's hand held an item; it was the purple hairpin. His eyes gradually grew gentle, but they were filled with pain and reminiscence.

"The creator likes to mess with people…" In Qing Shui's life, he had only shed tears twice. The first time was when the country of Clear Water was destroyed and his parents died. He was a small cultivator who had managed to escape an almost certain-death situation. He was filled with grief and indignation as he shed tears.

The second time was when he went crazy in the Thunder Celestial Realm and killed his love. He shed tears of remorse!

This hairpin had brought back his endless memories and emotions. He remembered that it was the day he became Bai Fan's disciple that he gifted this hairpin to her...

He could never forget these happy memories.

He felt a stab of pain in his heart, and teardrops fell from Qing Shui's eyes for the third time in his life.

"Han Yan…"

Memories flowed like the water in his palm that slowly trickled down his fingers. The cold feeling was something no one could forgot… The things he thought of inadvertently were sad enough to drown himself.

Scenes of the past appeared before Qing Shui's eyes. His dead wife's dimming gaze, and even until the end, she always held this hairpin.

The tip of the hairpin remained pierced deep within her heart. Fresh blood was dripping down from the hairpin and scattering all over the ground.

"Qing Shui, I didn't die because of you, I died because of myself… You shouldn't feel bad, you shouldn't be sad all your life. You didn't harm me…"

In order to not make Qing Shui feel indignation and guilt when he became sober, this woman, at the moment of Qing Shui's madness, smiled and killed herself before him.

Her gentle and sentimental gaze was filled with unwillingness. Her smile that contained her silent tears contained the power to awaken Qing Shui!

The Qing Shui back then awakened due to such a scene.

"The husband in my mind is a man with an indomitable spirit. He will not abandon his life due to one moment in his life or waste his life away. Instead, he will use all his power to persist… And find out the reason for all of this!"

Qing Shui's eyes were filled with sadness as he muttered, "Rest assured, Han Yan, I'll find the cause to all of this…"
