Chapter 976- Heaven Defying Bead Opens Once More (2)

The giant hand paused for a moment, stopped dissipating, and reappeared from the void. It quickly reached toward the All-Seer! The divination light in the All-Seer's became even stronger, and his right hand reached out. The trident turned and charged toward the giant hand again.

However, just as it was about to penetrate the giant hand again, the giant hand suddenly turned and grabbed the trident. There was a loud thud and then crackling sounds came from the trident. Silver light leaked out from the trident and was absorbed by the giant hand.

This only lasted for an instant before the giant hand loosened its grip. It no longer cared about the trident and went straight for the All-Seer. The All-Seer was about to retreat when the giant hand grasped at the void!

With this grasp, the All-Seer's body trembled as if an invisible hand had grabbed him.

After the large hand grabbed the All-Seer, it mercilessly squeezed. His body trembled and large amount of phantoms appeared. The moment the phantoms appeared, they were absorbed by the hand.

This absorption was several times faster than that rate the All-Seer releasing the phantoms. As a result, the loss the All-Seer suffered was unimaginable.

After only 10 breaths of time, the giant became almost solid, but it didn't continue to absorb. It slowly loosened its grip, slowly retreated, and disappeared into the void.

This time, the All-Seer didn't dare to pursue it. His face was pale and his eyes were a bit dazed. His body trembled and he directly coughed out a mouthful of blood.

"I was wrong… First, I was wrong about Wang Lin and caused this thing to appear… Then I was wrong once more about this and allowed it to devour even more…" The All-Seer silently pondered as he withdrew the trident and returned back to planet Tian Yun. Without any hesitation, he chose to enter closed door cultivation.

"That illusionary hand had no intent to kill; it only wanted to absorb. Once it absorbed enough, it left… Unfortunately, I divinated the first half but not the second. That hand is not a dead entity, it is something controlled by a spirit…"

The All-Seer wryly smiled. If he hadn't taken the initiative to attack, his lossed wouldn't have been so great. However, right now he could only sigh.

"I was only caught by the giant hand for 10 breaths of time, but if it was any other Nirvana Shatterer cultivator, they would've had their flesh, blood, and origin soul all drained completely…"

While he sighed, the All-Seer looked older. He knew that what he lost wasn't just his origin energy. There was now a crack on his perfect dao heart.

"Before this, I had only been wrong once in my life." As he thought this, the All-Seer returned to the Heavenly Fate Sect and sat down on a blue rock. His face began to age at a visible rate.

"Back in the day, I made a mistake in divination regarding the Alliance elder group, and a crack appeared in my dao heart. Then I had a chance encounter with… him! Although it was only one gaze, I gained enlightenment. The crack in my dao heart from my mistake showed signs of recovering. Then, after tens of thousands of years of comprehension, my dao heart was complete once more. I'll form my own dao of the heavens to replace the heavens' dao.

"However, I was wrong twice in a row!" The All-Seer revealed a bitter expression.

"Although I made a mistake with the matter regarding Wang Lin in the Demon Spirit Land, everything returned to my planned path in the end. However… However, this time I was first wrong about him, then I was wrong about the hand…" The All-Seer shook his head and looked into the sky for a very long time. He slowly closed his eyes and a sigh lingered in his heart.

As for Ling Tianhou, his face was filled with panic and his scalp was numb while he charged toward the center of the planet. He could feel the invisible light chasing him, and none of the seals he had placed could effect it.

Almost losing his wits, Ling Tianhou arrived at the edge of the planet's core and stepped inside while clenching his teeth.

"When I obtained planet Da Lou, I knew there was a sliver of flame that was used to refine this planet remaining! At this moment of crisis, I hope I can use this flame to resist it." Just as he entered the core, he felt a heat wave rush at his face.

The invisible light rapidly approached him and directly entered the core. In a flash, it turned into a giant hand and reached toward Ling Tianhou.

Ling Tianhou was covered in cold sweat and his heart roared, "What is this!? I merely watched Wang Lin with my divine sense; why won't it stop chasing me?!"

He clenched his teeth and moved toward the flame. He was very fast, but just as he was about to reach the flame, the giant hand behind him gently waved.

Ling Tianhou coughed out a large mouthful of blood, but he moved even faster and saw the flame before him!

The flame was shaped like a black Vermillion Bird!

Ling Tianhou mercilessly clenched his teeth as he charged at the Vermillion Bird, but just as he was getting close to the flame, the giant hand gently grasped!

At this instant, Ling Tinghou's body trembled. He felt a powerful force come from all sides and lock him in place.

Then the large hand mercilessly squeezed, and Ling Tianhou's face turned pale. He could feel his flesh, blood, origin energy, and even his origin soul and soul being sucked away.

No matter how hard he struggled, it had no effect.

After six breaths of time, Ling Tianhou's eyes widened and despair filled his eyes. At this moment, he couldn't even roar.

However, just at the moment of despair, a ghostly light flashed between his eyebrows and caused the suction force to pause for a moment.

At the same time, the giant hand holding Ling Tianhou unexpectedly loosened and then disappeared. Ling Tianhou watched at all of this, and he felt like he had just gone through a crisis.

He didn't know that if it wasn't for the All-Seer having lost too much, he would have been completely devoured.

Still, just those six breaths of time were enough for the hand to absorb most of Ling Tianhou's power. He let out a bitter smile and released a sigh. He didn't know what had happened with the All-Seer, but he made up his mind to not go out. He had to go into closed door cultivation to recover as much as possible.

As for finding Wang Lin to get revenge for this, Ling Tianhou was too scared. The moment he thought of this idea, he threw it out of his mind.

He didn't want to face that strange hand.

Wang Lin sat outside the tower in the Da Lou Sword Sect. The sea of flames had disappeared and was replaced by wave of bright light from the heaven defying bead.

The moment the bright light appeared, he felt it split into two. One ray went toward Ling Tianhou in the giant tower and the other went into the void. He didn't know where it had disappeared to.

However, it didn't take long for these two rays of light to return almost at the same time and enter the heaven defying bead. At this moment, the heaven defying bead suddenly trembled.

The sun pattern on the heaven defying bead shined brightly. After the two rays of light entered, it began to rotate slowly.

Aside from Wang Lin, no one else could notice this. Due to Ling Tianhou's drastic reaction, all of the disciples scattered, but they were filled with confusion.

Wang Lin looked completely normal, as if nothing had happened. However, due to the heaven defying bead absorbing the extreme Yang, a huge wave was set off inside his body!

The sun pattern on the heaven defying bead began to rotate faster and faster. It turned into a light storm that eventually enveloped his entire being inside the light.

This light contained a hint of warmth. Not only did he feel no discomfort, he was very, very comfortable. When the light fill his body, Wang Lin calmed down.

The origin energy inside his body began to rotate faster. Every time it completed a cycle, a trace sliver of light would enter it. Eventually, Wang Lin's origin energy contained a trace of heat!

As the origin energy changed, Wang Lin's origin soul began to slowly change. His origin soul was originally an ancient thunder dragon, but now a large amount of red mist had appeared above it.
