Chapter 977 – Heaven Defying Bead opens once more (3)

This mist was red and rotated slowly. It gradually grew stronger as it absorbed the light.

Not only his origin soul, even his body gradually changed under the light. His ancient god body was already very strong, and after absorbing this light, his body became even stronger.

As time passed, Wang Lin's skin slowly turned red. Drops of sweat dissipated as the wind blew by. Although this caused some coldness, Wang Lin couldn't feel it.

A hot atmosphere appeared within 1,000 feet of him. If anyone dared to get close, they would be stopped by the heat. If they tried to force their way in, their soul would be destroyed immediately!

Wang Lin sat in this relatively quiet environment for 10 days. During these 10 days, he was motionless and was immersed in the drastic change occurring inside his body.

His cultivation was only lacking a sliver of comprehension to reach the mid stage of Nirvana Scryer after the battle between Allheaven and the Alliance. During these 10 days, there was no change in his cultivation. After all, enlightenment was something that could only be thought after, not forced.

However, on the 11th day, as the heaven defying bead changed once more, this situation changed!

The sun on the heaven defying bead that was rapidly rotating slowed down, and by noon of the 11th day, it completely stopped. However, the moment it stopped, Wang Lin's third eye opened by itself!

There was a flash of red light as the source energy came out and entered the sun pattern on the heaven defying bead.

A large portion of Wang Lin's source energy came from the Battle Scrolls. A small portion was absorbed from the flame from the Tattoo clan on planet Suzaku. Both were sources of origin energy, so they easily fused and remained in the third eye. It was the last ace Wang Lin had prepared for battle.

At this moment, the rare source origin entered the heaven defying bead. It was as if a key for the heaven defying bead was found. The heaven defying bead shook and a powerful force came out. This force brought Wang Lin's origin soul into the heaven defying bead.

Wang Lin only felt his vision blur, and when he regained his vision, he saw that familiar scene.

In this void-like place, there was a large door. This door was as tall as the heavens and Wang Lin was like an ant before it.

Wang Lin stared at the door. Every time he saw this door, he felt completely shocked. Last time, he only took a glance inside, and when he awakened, he vaguely became aware of the source origin.

After pondering for a long time, Wang Lin floated forward and came closer and closer to the door. As Wang Lin closed in, the door rumbled and a gap opened up.

The moment this gap appeared, an unimaginable impact came from inside. This impact could be felt but couldn't be seen at all. When it hit Wang Lin, he became startled and stopped moving. Just like before, he was in a trance.

However, this time, the moment Wang Lin went into a trance, a hot aura came from the door and entered Wang Lin's body. This caused his mind to tremble and he became sober.

"Extreme Yang!" Wang Lin clearly felt that this hot aura was the extreme Yang the heaven defying bead had absorbed.

While he pondered, there was a hint of enlightenment in Wang Lin's eyes.

"The completion of the five elements made the heaven defying door appear, but it was impossible to enter. Back then, I wasn't able to enter the door and only my mind was lost within it.

"After the five elements comes Yin and Yang. Now that the heaven defying bead has absorbed extreme Yang, the Yin and Yang requirement is half-completed. This is why it made me sober when I was lost in a trance. I just don't know what role extreme Yin will have… If Yin and Yang are complete, what will happen…" Wang Lin pondered for a long time before looking at the door and floating toward it.

This time, even if he looked at the gap, he no longer entered a trance. He came closer and closer until he was next to it and was one step away from the small opening. At that moment, the feeling of being an ant appeared in his heart once more.

Decisiveness filled Wang Lin's eyes as he lifted his feet and stepped toward the door that seemed to be holding up the heavens!

"I want to know the real secret of the heaven defying bead!" Just as Wang Lin's right feet were about to land into this gap his body trembled. It was as if a blast of cold air had penetrated his body.

Wang Lin suddenly felt his soul being pulled out and was pushed back by the cold wind. He disappeared into the endless void.

As he continued to retreat, Wang Lin felt himself enter a trace. He felt himself shrink, and his thousand years of cultivation reversed. Everything rewinded until he was finally a baby in his mother's womb.

The sound of his heart beating clearly entered Wang Lin's ears, and the long lost affection of his parents entered his mind. However, this only lasted for a moment before the cold wind blasted him away from it.

Wang Lin tried to retreat once more, but this time there was a mysterious force stopping him. However, compared to the cold wind, this mysterious force was really insignificant.

The mysterious force stopping him from retreating shattered. What Wang Lin saw shocked him greatly. This kind of shock was extremely rare in his thousand years of cultivation!

"This… This is…" Wang Lin muttered. He saw the blue sky, the white clouds, and the bird flying underneath the white clouds.

This bird was very beautiful; it had colorful feathers and its flight was filled with vigor. It flew as if it was painting in the heavens and then gradually faded.

Staring at the bird disappearing in the distance, Wang Lin had an illusion that this bird was himself… It was very familiar, very familiar...

He saw the bird's short life. Although to others this life seemed boring, to Wang Lin, they were memories from a long, long time ago. Memories from this life had been touched and opened.

"Source origin… This… This is source origin…" It was as if a bolt of thunder had exploded in Wang Lin's mind, and he seemed to grasp a trail!

The bird's life wasn't long, only a few decades. When Wang Lin saw the bird die in the mouth of a python, he felt pain in his heart. When the bird's dying gaze that seemed to see through everything landed in Wang Lin's eyes, those hidden memories that couldn't be opened with any power were now opened.

Wang Lin's body retreated with a bang, and the cold wind blasted him back. However, that strange force that prevented him from retreating appeared once more!

This time this power was far stronger than before. This cold wind had no effect on this mysterious force. The struggle between the two forces was like an eternal roar.

After a long time, a crack appeared in the barrier formed by the mysterious force. Wang Lin's body went through the gap, and at that moment, he saw red light. Before he could clearly see it, an unimaginable force came from inside the crack he entered and pushed his body.

Wang Lin felt his body get torn into countless pieces. As he was pushed back, his entire body collapsed.

The moment it collapsed, Wang Lin suddenly opened his eyes. He was still standing at the foot of the giant heaven defying door. His right foot was lifted into the air and he was about to step inside!

Wang Lin took a deep breath and the shock inside his eyes gradually subsided. Everything just then happened the moment he lifted his foot.

At this moment, the crack on the heaven defying door slowly closed. Then it turned illusory and disappeared before Wang Lin.

Inside the Da Lou Sword Sect, Wang Lin slowly opened his eyes and looked at the reality around him. After a long time, he let out a sigh and stood up.

The moment he stood up, an extremely powerful aura exploded from his body. This aura was extremely powerful and had reached the peak of mid stage Nirvana Scryer!

"So this is source origin…"
