Chapter 979 – Master Hollow Wind (1)

Wang Lin knew this person. It was the cultivator with the mountain of flesh body who spoke harshly and was very impolite to Wang Lin.

Facing the seven rays formed by seven men in black and the roar, Wang Lin sneered.

"Let's use you to see if my current cultivation can beat early stage Nirvana Cleanser cultivators!"

Big Head licked his lips and bloodthirst filled his eyes. It had been a long time since he killed anyone. When he saw the seven men in black, killing intent couldn't help but appear in his heart.

Big Head respectfully asked, "Master, can I kill them?"

"As you wish!" Wang Lin's voice was calm, but it caused Big Head to suddenly raise his head and step out. He was too fast and disappeared in a flash.

The old man's expression was gloomy as he stared at Lei Ji, who was getting closer and closer. His eyes revealed a strange light as he carefully looked at Lei Ji, and greed appeared in his heart.

"A Giant Demon Clan mount is indeed a good thing. For Wang Lin to meet this old man is his misfortune! That big-headed guard is an Nirvana Scryer cultivator… And that puppet also has some strength… Although this Wang Lin can battle Ling Tianhou, that was simply due to the power of his treasure. Who doesn't have treasures!?"

Big Head took a step and arrived before the seven men in black. He let out a smile as his right hand reached toward one of them!

These seven men were all above the Ascendant stage, Illusory Yin to be precise. As Big Head reached out, the seven of them moved very fast and formed a formation to pour all their power into one person. The man in the lead raised his right hand, formed a seal, and pointed at Big Head.

The last person of the seven immediately became dispirited and weak. Then the sixth person from the back was the same, and this continued as all their power entered the first person in front. Finally, all the power shot out from the seal made by the first person.

A black tiger appeared and charged at Big Head with a roar.

Big Head laughed as he mercilessly squeezed his hand without hesitation. Just at this moment, the eyes of the old man on the boat lit up and he raised his right hand and pointed forward!

A ray of black light shot out at a very fast speed toward Big Head!

Wang Lin was sitting on Lei Ji's back and his eyes lit up. With one step, he walked off Lei Ji and appeared next to Big Head. Wang Lin didn't even look at the black light and casually waved his hand.

There was a loud bang and the black light collapsed. Wang Lin calmly looked at the old man and slowly said, "Do you dare to battle me?"

The old man frowned and sneered. "Junior, it seems you think you can challenge me because of your battle with Ling Tianhou!" His body shot out from the boat and his right hand formed a seal. With a point of his finger, a giant illusion appeared behind him.

This illusion was a stone tablet, and it emitted a golden glow that lit up the area.

"Celestial Tablet Soul Destruction!" the old man shouted as the illusion flew out. His right hand formed a seal, and with a point of his finger, the stone tablet was going to mercilessly smash down on Wang Lin.

Wang Lin's expression was calm. He formed a fist and threw a punch before taking a step forward. This punch contained his mid stage Nirvana Scryer cultivation and his ancient god power. His mid stage Nirvana Scryer cultivation allowed him to reach his peak power, like what he showed in the void, without turning into a 1,000 foot ancient god!

If he took the form of an ancient god, Wang Lin was confident in battling mid stage Nirvana Cleanser cultivators!

His punch created a sonic boom that echoed across space and opened a large amount of spatial cracks. This wasn't even the real power behind the punch. When Wang Lin threw the punch, an illusion of a fist of a 1,000 foot ancient god appeared!

It was as if this punch was thrown by Wang Lin and the illusionary ancient god. This scene shocked the old man greatly!

When the ancient god arm appeared, a savage aura came with it. This aura was filled with heaven-defying arrogance and tyrannical nature that would destroy the world!

All power that blocked it must break! Must shatter!

Before, Wang Lin couldn't easily form the shadow of an ancient god arm with just a punch. He would have to use his full power to make an arm appear, but even then, the arm would be much more transparent!

However, right now he could casually throw these kinds of punches!

With one punch, the stone tablet didn't even get close to Wang Lin; it just collided with the punch. The stone tablet was unexpectedly fragile and collapsed on contact. It shattered into countless fragments and was blown back.

The old man was startled and his expression became gloomy. However, just at this moment, the punch Wang Lin threw closed in.

Bursts of sonic booms could be heard. The old man let out a cold snort as he moved his hand and nine runes appeared. They stacked together and shot toward Wang Lin's fist.

The moment they closed in on Wang Lin's fist, the old man's eyes turned cold and he shouted, "Explode!"

Boom, boom, boom!!

The violent explosion was heaven-shaking and the shockwave spread like crazy. The black boat was immediately pushed back, and even Lei Ji had to retreat.

As for the cultivators led by the old man, they retreated as well. Only Big Head grinned as he charged into the seven people in black, while Wang Lin and the old man fought. Bodies collapsed and blood splashed everywhere. A few drops landed near his mouth, and Big Head licked them with his tongue.

When the nine runes exploded, not only did the old man's expression not lighten up, he became more shocked. He retreated without hesitation.

After the nine runes collapsed, Wang Lin walked out completely unscathed. The impact just now was dissolved by him with just one punch!

"It looks like I really do have the power to kill early stage Nirvana Cleanser cultivators!" Wang Lin slowly walked toward the old man.

The old man's face was pale. Even until now, he still couldn't believe Wang Lin had such strength. Back then, when he saw Wang Lin and Ling Tianhou's battle, he thought it was because Wang Lin relied on treasures and Ling Tianhou was holding back.

However, now he got a good feel of the powerful aura from Wang Lin's body!

There was a flash of killing intent in the old man's eyes. He had always been a ruthless person, and he already had killing intent from the moment he saw Wang Lin. This killing intent came from the greed in his heart. Not only was he greedy for the Giant Demon Clan mount, he was even more greedy for that celestial cave key!

"If I kill him, I can obtain the celestial cave key. That would benefit me greatly during the trip to the Demon Spirit Land!" The old man licked his lips and then his hand pointed at his body several times.

Every time he pointed, his body would tremble. As his hands continued, his body trembled and he retreated while revealing a ferocious expression.

The old man mercilessly pushed his hand forward as he shouted, "Wang Lin, if you are smart, hand over the key to the cave and that Giant Demon Clan mount and I'll let you live. Otherwise, stay!"

His body began to move in a strange way. The old man's originally fat body became thinner.

However, a terrifying aura began to gather as his body thinned. Then a ray of bright light came from between his eyebrows.

"Gather the scattered dust!" The old man's body continued to become thinner until he was only skin and bones. He now looked like a skeleton. The light between his eyebrows shined brightly and shot toward Wang Lin.

The moment this powerful light spread out, Wang Lin's eyes turned cold. Although he didn't know what that light was, he felt a hint of danger from it.

"These Nirvana Cleanser old monsters can't be underestimated. Although this person is only at early stage of Nirvana Cleanser, this battle would've been difficult if I didn't have my ancient god body! In particular, this spell that gathered the essence of his flesh to form a powerful ray of light is extraordinary!"

Wang Lin's right hand reached at the void and a rumbling sound appeared. The world's origin energy gathered like crazy and a spatial crack appeared. There was a flash of red as the God Slaying Spear appeared in Wang Lin's hand.

"You are qualified for me to use this!" Wang Lin grabbed the illusionary God Slaying Spear and threw it. The spear turned into a ray of red light toward the bright light coming at Wang Lin.

The moment the God Slaying Spear flew out, that savage aura reached a peak. As the spear flew, its powerful aura swept across the world.

There was a heaven-shaking explosion when the God Slaying Spear and the bright light collided! Loud explosions echoed and the bright light weakened. It only took a few breaths of time for the bright light to collapse!

The God Slaying Spear charged at the old man. The old man was aghast at the situation and disbelief filled his eyes. He wanted to retreat, but he was far slower than the God Slaying Spear, and it was about to pierce through him.

Just at this instant, the old man slapped his bag of holding and a small, green shield appeared in his hand. He moved the shield before him and it collided with the God Slaying Spear.

The small shield trembled and he was pushed back, but no crack appeared on the shield!

The old man coughed out a mouthful of blood and used blood escape to run with the small shield. The speed of a Nirvana Cleanser cultivator using blood escape was unimaginable.
