Chapter 998 – Yao Xixue’s Hatred (1)

At this instant, the sky above the Demon Spirit Land went through a shocking change. Layers of vortexes appeared in the sky as if they were going to tear the heavens apart.

This sudden change caused the inhabitants of the Demon Spirit Land to panic, and they all looked at the sky.

The vortex spread in the sky until it almost covered the entire sky above the Demon Spirit Land. The vortex rotated rapidly like a storm that descended from the heavens.

In the Demon Spirit Land, there was a deep gully in the Wood Demon Country. This area was very remote, and the depths of the ravine were filled with moss. The area was very humid, and in the early morning, it was usually covered in dense fog.

At this moment, there was faint mist that still remained but slowly disappeared under the sun.

As the mist gradually dissipated, a pool of water at the bottom became visible. This pool was like the surface of a mirror; there weren’t any ripples at all.

However, when the vortex appeared, ripples appeared in this pool of water. And something slowly came out from the center of the ripples!

At first it wasn’t possible to see what it was, but as it became more clear, it was obvious that it was a face!

This was an demonic face. That handsomeness was not something a person could have, especially the dark light coming from his eyes. He quietly looked at the sky and revealed a demonic smile.

“You finally came… I have waited a very long time for this day…”

At this moment, far in the other side of the Demon Spirit Land, there was a grassy plain. There were some flowers on this plain, and before one even got close, they could smell the fragrance of the grass.

This fragrance was very faint, but it had a very strange effect. Whenever someone from the Demon Spirit Land smelled it, they would feel relaxed. As a result, over time, many tribes appeared on this plain.

The Soul Refining Tribe had expanded here as well, but what was strange was that the soul flags would immediately lose some of their power here. It was as if the soul fragments inside didn’t dare to come out. If forced to come out, the soul fragments would quickly dissipate one by one.

As a result, the Soul Refining Tribe gave up on this place.

If one looked from above, they would find this grassland to be very ordinary. However, if a restriction expert saw this, their forehead would immediately be covered in cold sweat.

This place was filled with very large restrictions, and there was an unknown amount of restrictions here. If they were activated, they had the power to destroy the world!

No one knew that there was an extremely ancient transfer array under this grassland. If one traced its origins, it would go back to before the Celestial Realm collapsed.

Celestial Realm Formation!

Through this formation, along with a special method and a token, you could enter one of the five celestial caves!

Four of the five celestial caves in the Demon Spirit Land had been found. As for the fifth cave, no one knew where it was. Only by opening the inner part of the four other caves would the fifth cave be opened.

The celestial cave connected to this transfer array was filled with celestial spiritual energy, and nothing inside it was ordinary.

However, although it felt like the Celestial Realm, it looked very empty with a hint of coldness. One would cold and lonely just by standing in there.

This celestial cave was zigzag-shaped and was filled with pavilions. There was a young man sitting inside a towering pagoda. He was very handsome and gave off the aura of a celestial. He was holding scroll made of bamboo.

There was a teacup on the table next to him. The heat that came from the tea turned into flowers in the air before slowly dissipating.

This man would occasionally drink of the tea cup, and his expression was very calm.

However, the moment the vortex appeared, the man placed down the scroll and looked into the distance. It was as if his gaze could penetrate the void and see the changes outside.

“They came…” The person who spoke was not him but a woman who walked in from outside. She was very beautiful, but a bit skinny. She had an oval face and beautiful eyes that were very charming. She wore a light blue dress with white pants that had blue embroidery on it. From a distance, she had slender legs. Although she looked weak, it made her more feminine.

The man smiled as he looked tenderly at the woman and said, “We have waited so long; I hope we can succeed this time.”

The woman sat down on the side as she gently looked the man and laughed. “We planned for so long. As long as we are careful, I believe there will be no accidents.”

The two of them smiled at each other, and the feeling of a couple filled their hearts with warmth that lingered. Even this empty cave no longer felt cold, as if a warmth had spread.

This cultivation couple was the couple that never left the cave after they came. Wang Wei and Hu Juan!

“How is he doing?” Wang Wei picked up the bamboo scroll. He was very handsome and didn’t look old at all, as if he was really a young man. However, the pride hidden deep inside his eyes showed the glory he must’ve had countless years ago.

Hu Juan chuckled and gently said, “This sword spirit is very determined. He has already reached the eighth layer of the Immortal Spirit Method you gave him and is about to enter the ninth layer. If there are no accidents, he should break through soon.”

Wang Wei’s eyes were filled with admiration as he nodded. “Is that so? Then I didn’t help him in vain…” As he spoke, he became a bit bleak and shook his head. “But I’m still puzzled. Is Qing Shuang not dead? Otherwise, how did she reform the Rain Celestial Sword and make him the sword spirit… Unfortunately, he refuses to speak, and I don’t want to hurt Qing Shuang’s feelings, so it would be inconvenient to search his memories.”

Hu Juan softly said, “Perhaps Little Sister Qing Shuang is still alive…”

The moment the vortex appeared, the pool in the ravine and the Celestial Cloud Cultivation Couple weren’t the only ones to respond. A huge change occurred under the palace of the Wind Demon Country.

This was the holy land of the Wind Demon Country. There was a vast expanse of caves that resembled a honeycomb underground, with the capital of the Wind Demon Country as the center.

Every single cave had many tunnels that linked them together. Eventually, all of them would lead to the large cave under the imperial palace. These caves were filled with skeletons that were blackish purple and gave off death aura.

The moment the death aura appeared, it would be sucked away by the tunnels connected to the caves.

All the death aura in the countless caves throughout the Wind Demon Country would all lead to the cave under the imperial palace. This cave was very large, at least 10,000 feet wide. At the center of the cave was a towering pillar, and a woman sat on top the pillar.

This woman’s appearance was extremely terrifying. There were numerous hideous scars on her face. It was impossible to count how many wounds there were at a glance.

Although those wounds had closed, blood rushed into them when she cultivated, so they had become red. It was as if countless centipedes were crawling on her face.

Not only her face, but even her arms were covered in these hideous scars.

There was a sea of death aura under the pillar the woman was sitting on. Some of the death aura would float up around her and enter her scars.

Every time this happened, the woman’s body would tremble as if she was facing unbearable pain, but she would always clench her teeth and endure it.

“Wang Lin!!! I, Yao Xixue, had to endure all this pain because of you! I hate that I can’t eat your flesh to avenge my father! As long as I can kill you, what does this pain count as? If I can kill you, so what if I gave up my appearance!?” The woman’s eyes were filled with monstrous resentment.

She could never forget the sense of helplessness she had for her father’s crisis when she awakened in the Demon Spirit Land. Then she suddenly felt a pain in heart, letting her know through her blood connection that it was likely that her father didn’t survive. At that point, her hatred for Wang Lin almost reached a peak.

In order to get revenge, she gave up everything. She knew that in order to increase her cultivation level, she needed help from the ancient demon here. She worked very hard and experienced hardships and humiliation that were like nightmares.

In the end, she obtained the recognition of the ancient demon of the Wind Demon Country. She entered here and began an inheritance.

She could never forgot the moment she accepted the wind demon’s inheritance, that demonic voice that echoed in her heart.

“I can give you strength, enough power to let you get revenge. However, the price is that your divine sense and soul will slowly be erased until you become my body.”

“I’m willing as long as I can get revenge!”

Yao Xixue took a deep breath and began to absorb this death aura, causing her enough pain to wish she was dead. As she absorbed it, she raised her right hand, which was completely blue, and her fingernails emitted a cold glint. After taking a deep breath, she mercilessly cut open a wound on her left arm.

Intense pain came from her arm, causing her body to tremble, but her expression was indifferent as she had long grown accustomed to the pain. At this moment, endless amounts of death aura entered the wound on her arm.

As the endless death aura continued to enter, the wound gradually closed until it formed a scar.

“Wang Lin, I’ll never let you go!” The cry from her soul was like a storm that filled the heavens.
