Chapter 999 – Yao Xixue’s hatred (2)

At this moment, Wang Lin walked out from the vortex in the sky. The moment he appeared, his mind trembled and he suddenly looked toward the Wind Demon Country. He vaguely felt a monstrous resentment toward him.

This feeling appeared only for an instant before it disappeared as if it was never there. Behind him, Situ Nan and company appeared. They floated in the air and looked down.

Aside from Master Hollow Wind, this was the first time everyone else had come here. Although the three Chen brothers belonged to a rank 7 country, they previously weren’t interested in the Demon Spirit Land.

Now that they arrived, they couldn’t help but look around.

After returning to a familiar place, Wang Lin felt regretful. His first thought wasn’t to go to the celestial cave but to check the Soul Refining Tribe. Back then, he had to flee, so he was in a rush. Thinking about it now, he felt regretful.

“The Soul Refining Tribe was created to complete the last wish of Master Dun Tian. I wonder if it still exists, and there is also Thirteen.” Wang Lin couldn’t forget the loyal Thirteen that followed him.

In his life, he had only met one person as loyal as Thirteen. Thinking about Thirteen, another person appeared in Wang Lin’s mind.

Hu Pao!

Thirteen’s loyalty and Hu Pao’s betrayal became a stark contrast that was engraved in Wang Lin’s mind.

He couldn’t forgot how he slaughtered into an army of more than 100,000 in the demon general’s city to save those two people! At that time, he didn’t know that Hu Pao had already betrayed him, but even if he did, he still would have done it!

He couldn’t forget what he said that day while looking at the sky as if he was trying to prove his dao!

“There are things in this world that are meant to be and some that aren’t. Cultivators seek immorality and to escape from fate. Normally, they would avoid disaster and welcome the heavens! Thirteen and Hu Pao have no relationship with me. I went against the will of the demon general, meaning I went against the demon country!

“This was not worth considering for those that only cared about the benefits! I’m not a gentleman or a villain. I’m not sincere or hypocritical. It’s just that there are certain things in this world I must do!

“However, I, Wang Lin, walk within this world not to seek to follow the dao of the heavens, I seek to have no regrets in my heart.

“From this point of view, I’m not suited to become a cultivator!

“However, there are certain things I must do! If I don’t save Thirteen, then what dao am I searching for?”

Wang Lin let out a sigh as he looked at the familiar world. He slapped his bag of holding and a palm-sized compass appeared in his hand. This was something that was necessary to enter the fourth cave.

After handing this to Situ Nan and explaining the details of releasing some of the restrictions, Situ Nan looked meaningfully at Wang Lin. He understood Wang Lin enough to know that Wang Lin was going to meet some old friends.

As a result, he didn’t waste any time. With his cultivation, along with Master Hollow Wind, the woman in silver, the three Chen brothers, and Big Head, it wouldn’t be hard to break these restrictions!

The real difficulty would likely be at the final restriction.

Situ Nan opened the token according to Wang Lin’s method. They all disappeared and entered the celestial cave to begin breaking the restrictions by force.

There were countless restrictions inside the celestial cave. Only by breaking all of them could they enter the core, and that was their target!

Unlike the All-Seer and Ling Tianhou, who had already broken all the restrictions in their caves, Wang Lin’s progress was lacking.

Moveover, Wang Lin still had the token to the cave in his hands. As long as he was in the Demon Spirit Land, he could enter the cave at any time.

With Wang Lin’s current cultivation, he just had to make some slight changes to the token so that Situ Nan and company wouldn’t be attacked by the spirit of the cave.

After solving this problem, Wang Lin pondered for a bit, then his divine sense slowly spread out. With his current Nirvana Scryer cultivation, he easily covered the entire Demon Spirit Land with his divine sense!

Just as Wang Lin’s divine spread out, his divine sense inside the black stone statue being worshiped by the Soul Refining Tribe suddenly released a black light. This black light was filled with endless coldness, and a mysterious force shot into the sky. The moment it touched Wang Lin’s divine sense, they integrated together.

The black light from the statue gradually became stronger, until it covered more than half of the sky above the Fire Demon Country. Countless Soul Refining Tribe members stared dumbfoundedly at the ancestor’s statue.

It wasn’t certain who reacted first, but some people immediately knelt down on the ground. Then almost all the Soul Refining Tribe members knelt down with excitement in their eyes.

“The ancestor’s spirit has manifested! The ancestor’s spirit has manifested!” Roars spread like rumbling echoes across the city.

Ouyang Hua’s eyes revealed look of disbelief, and he looked at Thirteen. At this moment, Thirteen was trembling as he looked into the sky. He had a vague feeling.

“Ancestor, has returned!!”

Ouyang Hua took a deep breath and ecstasy flashed through his eyes. He respected Wang Lin from the bottom of his heart, but even more than respect, there was fear. It was precisely due to this fear that even though the Soul Refining Tribe continued to grow larger, he didn’t dare to rebel at all.

Wang Lin’s eyes shined brightly and revealed a strange light. He naturally saw the Soul Refining Tribe with his divine sense and found that it had expanded greatly.

This wasn’t important. What made him feel disbelief was the mysterious power that had just integrated with his divine sense. Wang Lin had cultivated for over 1,000 years and encountered many different kinds of powers. However, he had never encountered one like this before.

He couldn’t tell what kind of feeling it was, but the moment that mysterious power integrated with him, he felt countless images flashing through his mind.

Without exception, all these images were the Soul Refining Tribe worshipping the statue. They were all filled with unimaginable fanaticism. It was as if as long as the statue gave an order, they would do it no matter the cost; even if they lost their lives, they would have no regrets.

This kind of terrifying frenzy even moved Wang Lin.

It was the worship for millions of Soul Refining Tribe members toward this stone statue for the past hundreds of years that created this strange force that even Wang Lin didn’t understand.

While pondering, Wang Lin took a step and disappeared. When he re-appeared, he was above the capital of the Fire Demon Country. Standing here, he was able to see the scene of millions of people kneeling!

Speaking of millions of people might make it sound like it’s not a lot, but looking at it in person, he saw an endless sea of people cover the ground. There were flags sticking out everywhere that danced in the wind, and the wails of the soul fragments filled the world.

The moment Wang Lin appeared, all of the soul fragments let out sharp cries as if they had encountered their true master!

Ouyang Hua’s body trembled and revealed excitement that he hadn’t shown in hundreds of years. He stared blankly at Wang Lin and said, “Ouyang Hua greets Ancestor! I welcome Ancestor’s return!”

After he spoke, some people almost immediately looked up and saw Wang Lin. Almost every single tribe member who saw Wang Lin felt a buzz in their brain. They had no doubts as they immediately recognized this person as the person they had been worshiping for hundreds of years, their ancestor, Wang Lin!!

All of this was because of the stone statue; it was a carving of Wang Lin!

“Ancestor!!”

“It really is Ancestor!!”

“Ancestor has returned. Ancestor didn’t abandon us. Ancestor has returned!”

Bursts of shouts filled with surprise and frenzy soon rumbled like thunder. Millions of people became excited at once, and their shouting caused even the earth to tremble. Even the clouds in the sky had to retreat.

“Welcome, Ancestor!” It was unknown who said it first, but eventually, millions of Soul Refining Tribe members shouted at once. Even Wang Lin’s ears buzzed. Even with Wang Lin’s mental strength, he was startled. He could clearly feel white gas come out of these people and go to the stone statue at the center of the capital. The stone statue absorbed it all, becoming even more smooth and giving off a demonic feel.

The Soul Refining Tribe members’ gazes were all filled with excitement that even shocked Wang Lin.

Thirteen rushed through the crowd and knelt down before Wang Lin. Although his body was trembling, his voice was the loudest it had been in hundreds of years.

“Thirteen welcomes the return of Ancestor!”

Thirteen’s words ignited the enthusiasm of the countless tribe members. In addition, more white gas floated out from everyone and entered the black statue.

Soul flags began to wave as if a black sea had suddenly appeared. The soul fragments flew out from the flags and shrouded the entire Fire Demon Country in a black fog.

The number of soul fragments was unimaginable.

Looking at the people of the Soul Refining Tribe, Wang Lin found some of them familiar, though he couldn’t remember their names. They were obviously elders that were around when he was here last time.

“I have returned.” Wang Lin’s voice slowly spread and fell from the sky into everyone’s ears. Although it was only three simple words, these three simple words were like bolts of lightning falling from the sky. Everyone within the Soul Refining Tribe cheered.

As the Soul Refining Tribe cheered, Wang Lin gradually descended and landed on the wall of the capital of the Fire Demon Country.

He had returned here once more after hundreds of years!
